{\rtf \tx504 \li504 \fi-504 \sl240 \slmult1 \sa0 [1]\tab Allaire J, Xie Y, Dervieux C, McPherson J, Luraschi J, Ushey K, et al. rmarkdown: Dynamic documents for R. 2023.
\
[2]\tab Benoit K, Obeng A. readtext: Import and handling for plain and formatted text files. 2023.
\
[3]\tab Benoit K, Watanabe K, Wang H, Nulty P, Obeng A, M\uc0\u252{}ller S, et al. quanteda: An R package for the quantitative analysis of textual data. Journal of Open Source Software 2018;3:774. https://doi.org/10.21105/joss.00774.
\
[4]\tab Benoit K, Watanabe K, Wang H, Nulty P, Obeng A, M\uc0\u252{}ller S, et al. quanteda: An R package for the quantitative analysis of textual data. Journal of Open Source Software 2018;3:774. https://doi.org/10.21105/joss.00774.
\
[5]\tab Benoit K, Watanabe K, Wang H, Nulty P, Obeng A, M\uc0\u252{}ller S, et al. quanteda: An R package for the quantitative analysis of textual data. Journal of Open Source Software 2018;3:774. https://doi.org/10.21105/joss.00774.
\
[6]\tab Benoit K, Watanabe K, Wang H, Perry PO, Lauderdale B, Gruber J, et al. quanteda.textmodels: Scaling models and classifiers for textual data. 2023.
\
[7]\tab Cinelli C, Ferwerda J, Hazlett C. sensemakr: Sensitivity analysis tools for regression models. 2021.
\
[8]\tab Dowle M, Srinivasan A. data.table: Extension of `data.frame\uc0\u8217{}. 2021.
\
[9]\tab Francois R, Hernang\uc0\u243{}mez D. bibtex: Bibtex parser. 2023.
\
[10]\tab Freedman Ellis G, Schneider B. srvyr: `dplyr\uc0\u8217{}-Like syntax for summary statistics of survey data. 2023.
\
[11]\tab Gohel D. officer: Manipulation of microsoft word and PowerPoint documents. 2023.
\
[12]\tab Gohel D, Skintzos P. flextable: Functions for tabular reporting. 2023.
\
[13]\tab Hlavac M. stargazer: Well-formatted regression and summary statistics tables. Bratislava, Slovakia: Social Policy Institute; 2022.
\
[14]\tab Iannone R. DiagrammeR: Graph/Network visualization. 2023.
\
[15]\tab Larmarange J. labelled: Manipulating labelled data. 2023.
\
[16]\tab Lumley T. Analysis of complex survey samples. Journal of Statistical Software 2004;9:1\uc0\u8211{}19.
\
[17]\tab Lumley T. Complex surveys: A guide to analysis using R: A guide to analysis using R. John Wiley and Sons; 2010.
\
[18]\tab Lumley T. survey: analysis of complex survey samples 2023.
\
[19]\tab Mazerolle MJ. AICcmodavg: Model selection and multimodel inference based on (Q)AIC(c). 2023.
\
[20]\tab McLean MW. Straightforward bibliography management in R using the RefManager package. 2014.
\
[21]\tab McLean MW. RefManageR: Import and manage BibTeX and BibLaTeX references in R. The Journal of Open Source Software 2017. https://doi.org/10.21105/joss.00338.
\
[22]\tab Ottolinger P. bib2df: Parse a BibTeX file to a data frame. 2019.
\
[23]\tab R Core Team. R: A language and environment for statistical computing. Vienna, Austria: R Foundation for Statistical Computing; 2022.
\
[24]\tab Sjoberg DD, Whiting K, Curry M, Lavery JA, Larmarange J. Reproducible summary tables with the gtsummary package. The R Journal 2021;13:570\uc0\u8211{}80. https://doi.org/10.32614/RJ-2021-053.
\
[25]\tab Textor J, der Zander B van, Gilthorpe MS, Li\uc0\u347{}kiewicz M, Ellison GT. Robust causal inference using directed acyclic graphs: the R package `dagitty\uc0\u8217{}. International Journal of Epidemiology 2016;45:1887\uc0\u8211{}94. https://doi.org/10.1093/ije/dyw341.
\
[26]\tab Wickham H, Averick M, Bryan J, Chang W, McGowan LD, Fran\uc0\u231{}ois R, et al. Welcome to the tidyverse. Journal of Open Source Software 2019;4:1686. https://doi.org/10.21105/joss.01686.
\
[27]\tab Xie Y. knitr: A comprehensive tool for reproducible research in R. In: Stodden V, Leisch F, Peng RD, editors. Implementing reproducible computational research, Chapman and Hall/CRC; 2014.
\
[28]\tab Xie Y. Dynamic documents with R and knitr. 2nd ed. Boca Raton, Florida: Chapman and Hall/CRC; 2015.
\
[29]\tab Xie Y. knitr: A general-purpose package for dynamic report generation in R. 2023.
\
[30]\tab Xie Y, Allaire JJ, Grolemund G. R markdown: The definitive guide. Boca Raton, Florida: Chapman and Hall/CRC; 2018.
\
[31]\tab Xie Y, Dervieux C, Riederer E. R markdown cookbook. Boca Raton, Florida: Chapman and Hall/CRC; 2020.
\
}