% Options for packages loaded elsewhere
\PassOptionsToPackage{unicode}{hyperref}
\PassOptionsToPackage{hyphens}{url}
%
\documentclass[
]{article}
\usepackage{amsmath,amssymb}
\usepackage{lmodern}
\usepackage{iftex}
\ifPDFTeX
  \usepackage[T1]{fontenc}
  \usepackage[utf8]{inputenc}
  \usepackage{textcomp} % provide euro and other symbols
\else % if luatex or xetex
  \usepackage{unicode-math}
  \defaultfontfeatures{Scale=MatchLowercase}
  \defaultfontfeatures[\rmfamily]{Ligatures=TeX,Scale=1}
\fi
% Use upquote if available, for straight quotes in verbatim environments
\IfFileExists{upquote.sty}{\usepackage{upquote}}{}
\IfFileExists{microtype.sty}{% use microtype if available
  \usepackage[]{microtype}
  \UseMicrotypeSet[protrusion]{basicmath} % disable protrusion for tt fonts
}{}
\makeatletter
\@ifundefined{KOMAClassName}{% if non-KOMA class
  \IfFileExists{parskip.sty}{%
    \usepackage{parskip}
  }{% else
    \setlength{\parindent}{0pt}
    \setlength{\parskip}{6pt plus 2pt minus 1pt}}
}{% if KOMA class
  \KOMAoptions{parskip=half}}
\makeatother
\usepackage{xcolor}
\usepackage[margin=1in]{geometry}
\usepackage{longtable,booktabs,array}
\usepackage{calc} % for calculating minipage widths
% Correct order of tables after \paragraph or \subparagraph
\usepackage{etoolbox}
\makeatletter
\patchcmd\longtable{\par}{\if@noskipsec\mbox{}\fi\par}{}{}
\makeatother
% Allow footnotes in longtable head/foot
\IfFileExists{footnotehyper.sty}{\usepackage{footnotehyper}}{\usepackage{footnote}}
\makesavenoteenv{longtable}
\usepackage{graphicx}
\makeatletter
\def\maxwidth{\ifdim\Gin@nat@width>\linewidth\linewidth\else\Gin@nat@width\fi}
\def\maxheight{\ifdim\Gin@nat@height>\textheight\textheight\else\Gin@nat@height\fi}
\makeatother
% Scale images if necessary, so that they will not overflow the page
% margins by default, and it is still possible to overwrite the defaults
% using explicit options in \includegraphics[width, height, ...]{}
\setkeys{Gin}{width=\maxwidth,height=\maxheight,keepaspectratio}
% Set default figure placement to htbp
\makeatletter
\def\fps@figure{htbp}
\makeatother
\setlength{\emergencystretch}{3em} % prevent overfull lines
\providecommand{\tightlist}{%
  \setlength{\itemsep}{0pt}\setlength{\parskip}{0pt}}
\setcounter{secnumdepth}{5}
\newlength{\cslhangindent}
\setlength{\cslhangindent}{1.5em}
\newlength{\csllabelwidth}
\setlength{\csllabelwidth}{3em}
\newlength{\cslentryspacingunit} % times entry-spacing
\setlength{\cslentryspacingunit}{\parskip}
\newenvironment{CSLReferences}[2] % #1 hanging-ident, #2 entry spacing
 {% don't indent paragraphs
  \setlength{\parindent}{0pt}
  % turn on hanging indent if param 1 is 1
  \ifodd #1
  \let\oldpar\par
  \def\par{\hangindent=\cslhangindent\oldpar}
  \fi
  % set entry spacing
  \setlength{\parskip}{#2\cslentryspacingunit}
 }%
 {}
\usepackage{calc}
\newcommand{\CSLBlock}[1]{#1\hfill\break}
\newcommand{\CSLLeftMargin}[1]{\parbox[t]{\csllabelwidth}{#1}}
\newcommand{\CSLRightInline}[1]{\parbox[t]{\linewidth - \csllabelwidth}{#1}\break}
\newcommand{\CSLIndent}[1]{\hspace{\cslhangindent}#1}
\usepackage{fontspec}
\usepackage{multirow}
\usepackage{multicol}
\usepackage{colortbl}
\usepackage{hhline}
\newlength\Oldarrayrulewidth
\newlength\Oldtabcolsep
\usepackage{longtable}
\usepackage{array}
\usepackage{hyperref}
\usepackage{float}
\usepackage{wrapfig}
\ifLuaTeX
  \usepackage{selnolig}  % disable illegal ligatures
\fi
\IfFileExists{bookmark.sty}{\usepackage{bookmark}}{\usepackage{hyperref}}
\IfFileExists{xurl.sty}{\usepackage{xurl}}{} % add URL line breaks if available
\urlstyle{same} % disable monospaced font for URLs
\hypersetup{
  pdftitle={Trends in the association between Ultra-processed foods, salt intake and Blood Pressure using the National Dietary and Nutritional Survey (NDNS) in England 2008-2019},
  hidelinks,
  pdfcreator={LaTeX via pandoc}}

\title{Trends in the association between Ultra-processed foods, salt
intake and Blood Pressure using the National Dietary and Nutritional
Survey (NDNS) in England 2008-2019}
\author{}
\date{\vspace{-2.5em}}

\begin{document}
\maketitle

{
\setcounter{tocdepth}{2}
\tableofcontents
}
\hypertarget{trends-in-the-association-between-ultra-processed-foods-salt-intake-and-blood-pressure-using-the-national-dietary-and-nutritional-survey-ndns-in-england-2008-2019}{%
\section*{Trends in the association between Ultra-processed foods, salt
intake and Blood Pressure using the National Dietary and Nutritional
Survey (NDNS) in England
2008-2019}\label{trends-in-the-association-between-ultra-processed-foods-salt-intake-and-blood-pressure-using-the-national-dietary-and-nutritional-survey-ndns-in-england-2008-2019}}
\addcontentsline{toc}{section}{Trends in the association between
Ultra-processed foods, salt intake and Blood Pressure using the National
Dietary and Nutritional Survey (NDNS) in England 2008-2019}

\hypertarget{david-ohagan}{%
\section*{David O'Hagan}\label{david-ohagan}}
\addcontentsline{toc}{section}{David O'Hagan}

200299857

\hypertarget{dissertation-submitted-in-partial-fulfilment-of-the-requirements-for-the-degree-of-master-of-public-health-the-university-of-liverpool}{%
\subsection*{Dissertation submitted in partial fulfilment of the
requirements for the degree of Master of Public Health, The University
of
Liverpool}\label{dissertation-submitted-in-partial-fulfilment-of-the-requirements-for-the-degree-of-master-of-public-health-the-university-of-liverpool}}
\addcontentsline{toc}{subsection}{Dissertation submitted in partial
fulfilment of the requirements for the degree of Master of Public
Health, The University of Liverpool}

\hypertarget{august-2023}{%
\subsection*{August 2023}\label{august-2023}}
\addcontentsline{toc}{subsection}{August 2023}

\newpage

\hypertarget{dedication}{%
\subsection*{Dedication}\label{dedication}}
\addcontentsline{toc}{subsection}{Dedication}

To Julie Andrew and Sophie

\newpage

\hypertarget{acknowledgments}{%
\subsection*{Acknowledgments}\label{acknowledgments}}
\addcontentsline{toc}{subsection}{Acknowledgments}

To Zoe and Martn

To Paul

\newpage

\newpage

\hypertarget{abstract}{%
\section*{Abstract}\label{abstract}}
\addcontentsline{toc}{section}{Abstract}

This study shows that the odds ratio between high Na intake and high BP
is 7.71(CI 2.12,28.0).It also shows that UPF has no statistically
significant correlation with high BP within a multivariable logistic
regression model.

In univariable regression UPF shows a negative gradient with BP, and a
stronger negative gradient with age balancing the relationship between
age and BP. This suggests interaction between UPF, Na and Age.

Reduction of sodium intake may be effective at reducing the overall
risk.

This is a secondary data study the national dietary and nutrition survey
(1) which looked at BP and the effects of UPF and Na. BP is in important
clinical and public health measurement, and is a proxy measure for CVD.

Policy should aim to reduce intake of Na and UPF and increase percentage
intake of unprocessed foods. The accompanying literature review
discusses aspects of policy and their effectiveness.

\tableofcontents
\listoffigures
\listoftables
\newpage

\newpage

\hypertarget{introduction}{%
\section{Introduction}\label{introduction}}

There is evidence of an association between blood pressure (BP) and
intake of Ultra-processed Foods (UPF) (2) and BP and Salt intake (3)
from studies of different types in multiple countries. This study looked
at this association in the data set of the National dietary and
nutrition survey ((1) ).The study gives data from the UK from 2008 to
2019. There have been changes in the intake of UPF, of salt and BP over
that time.This study described those changes. As part of this
description, I identify how BP is affected by these key dietary factors.
I identify the role salt intake plays in the effect of ultraprocessed
food on BP.

It seems that there are relationships between UPF, Na and BP and an
onward relationship to non-communicable disease. There is an underlying
importance of age and sex. This study explored this complex web pulling
out strands within it, (\textbf{fig-diag1?}) shows a possible
arrangement of this.

\begin{figure}
\centering
\includegraphics{nextlevel_files/figure-latex/fig-diag1-1.pdf}
\caption{The relationships explored in the analysis}
\end{figure}

\hypertarget{public-health-impact}{%
\subsection{Public Health Impact}\label{public-health-impact}}

Public Health aims to reduce the burden of ill health across the
population. BP is an indicator of the health of the population, in that
it is a risk factor for a number of non-communicable diseases (NCD) (3)
.

Dietary approaches to improving public health are able to deliver
proportionate and universal interventions to populations to reduce the
incidence of NCD. When delivered up stream at the policy level they are
effective and efficient and minimise cost.

Dietary approaches can also be used by individuals. This approach risks
the development of a culture of blame of individuals. The commercial and
social determinants of health play out a significant role in research,
and delivery of public health improvements around food (4) .

\hypertarget{epistemology}{%
\subsection{Epistemology}\label{epistemology}}

The epistemological approach of this study is positivist. I use a
quantitative approach in a mechanistic and deterministic model. However,
I am aware that this model is an incomplete description of the whole of
reality. I am aware that the paradigm encourages experimental isolation.
This attempts to isolate the study from the world through control of
explanatory variables.

Real world application to dietary change requires understanding
interaction with social and economic factors. Critical realist and
social constructionist studies are needed to complement the information
from this study. The commercial and social determinants of health are
models which have a great deal of impact on the reality of dietary
effects on BP and on the availability of UPF and on their nutritional
constituents.

\hypertarget{positionality}{%
\subsection{Positionality}\label{positionality}}

In a positivist paradigm the observer is external to the experiment.
Acknowledging that there are constructivist aspects to this study allows
that the observer is closer to the model. My positionality is therefore
of interest to interpretation of the model, and also to understand
reasons for decisions about the approach to the data. I share with Jafar
(5) an intention to lead in describing my positionality in this
quantitative study.

From a biomedical background, I bring an attachment to positivist
ideals. However, as a practising physician I am aware of the interaction
of any number of social factors on the health of participants as Evans
and Trotter (6) discuss. These impact on food `choices', which might be
determined by social expectations as much as by income, or geography.
They also impact on `hard' clinical measurements such as BP. This can
also be affected by position and room temperature as well as by the
relationship between the observer and the participant.

This work is primarily to complete requirements for an MPH degree which
means that it is influenced by factors around health equity and classic
epidemiology as taught on the course. It is produced in collaboration
with a research group with a long established reputation in food
research in public health, which may steer the results in a conservative
direction.

In relying on NDNS I am aware that the reasons for ongoing funding for
this study relate to its being established by the government department
responsible for food policy in collaboration with that for health. These
influences affect the development of the study and therefore the data
collected and available.

Positivist `grand isolation' may reduce the influence of these
`external' factors, but they remain as influences.

To proceed, I need to be aware of the limitations of the positivist
approach. I need to make pragmatic selections to bring some degree of
validity to the resulting dataset.

\hypertarget{university-research-governance-and-ethical-review}{%
\subsection{University Research Governance and Ethical
Review}\label{university-research-governance-and-ethical-review}}

The ethics process for the University of Liverpool was followed and a
certificate of compliance is attached at appendix 2.

The storage of the data is in keeping with the research governance
agreements of the University and the Data set owners.

\hypertarget{research-question}{%
\subsection{Research Question}\label{research-question}}

What proportion of the association between blood pressure (SBP) and UPF
intake can be explained by the changes in salt intake in England between
2008 and 2019?

The question can be split into parts,

What was intake of UPF between 2008 and 2019? What was intake of salt
between 2008 and 2019? What was BP between 2008 and 2019?

Did each of these change over that time and how? Did the changes in any
one affect any other? What are the sizes of the changes? Which element
was most important in these changes?

All of these questions look for numbers as answers.

Answering the question starts with collecting a sample of participants.
Measurements are taken, and then collated. The collected numbers are
then compared in different ways to answer each part of the question.

\hypertarget{key-objectives}{%
\subsection{Key Objectives}\label{key-objectives}}

1 Literature Review of UPF and BP, with Na

2 Descriptive analysis of subjects from NDNS with amalgamation of data
across the rolling programme.

3 Analysis for correlation between UPF and BP using regression models
incorporating Na in different ways.

4 Discussion of implications of results in relation to limitations of
study and data as well as suggestions for further research

5 Publication of findings in peer reviewed journal/ direct delivery to
policy makers.

\newpage

\hypertarget{literature-review}{%
\section{Literature Review}\label{literature-review}}

\hypertarget{search-strategy}{%
\subsection{Search Strategy}\label{search-strategy}}

The search strategy has a core systematic approach augmented with
additional items from a range of sources. The search identified a wide
variety of articles, which outlined and augmented the review.

The search identified many related articles. The terms used are in
(\textbf{tbl-search-terms?}). Starting with a broad search strategy, the
results were narrowed. Those of particular relevance were identified by
reading abstracts and cross referencing with other papers. Colleagues
identified further relevant literature.

Additional papers were identified from the bibliographies of relevant
papers. Reviews and meta-analyses presented search strategies and
identified highly relevant studies.

The search was limited to to high blood pressure, however, many papers
consider broader clinical endpoints. These included metabolic syndrome,
diabetes and cerebrovascular and cardiovascular disease.

My search terms are included in (\textbf{tbl-search-terms?}) below. They
were searched through a university meta database which includes Medline,
and Ovid and Scopus. This meta database includes an ongoing search sends
notification of articles as they are published.

\hypertarget{search-results}{%
\subsubsection{Search results}\label{search-results}}

The search produced 1328 results. The search allowed medical, public
health, nursing articles to be prioritised. Engineering, chemical, and
technology articles were deprioritised.

No time limits, language limits or availability limits were included in
the initial search. Reading titles and abstracts identified relevant
articles.

Papers were excluded which related to technology including food
technology. They were also excluded if the primary purpose of the paper
was unrelated to dietary or nutritional causes of clinical outcomes.

\hypertarget{overview-of-literature}{%
\subsection{Overview of literature}\label{overview-of-literature}}

The literature has developed over some time. The results arrange
themselves into several groups. The oldest are those which describe the
development of the argument that Na relates to BP and to NCD. UPF is a
recent concept developed within the Nova framework which was described
in 2009. Hence articles around UPF and its relation to BP and NCD are
more recent. This later group do build on earlier work. Importantly they
analyse the way that UPF is correlated with BP. They don't go into how
Na might be involved in this relationship.

Papers are also categorised as primary research, systematic reviews with
meta analysis, model analysis, and papers which use the other categories
to consider public health policy approaches.

\hypertarget{aims-of-literature-review}{%
\subsubsection{Aims of literature
review}\label{aims-of-literature-review}}

\begin{itemize}
\tightlist
\item
  1 describe literature
\item
  2 synthesise literature
\item
  3 critique literature
\item
  4 explain role of study within context
\end{itemize}

\hypertarget{na-bp-ncd-and-public-health}{%
\subsubsection{Na, BP, NCD and Public
Health}\label{na-bp-ncd-and-public-health}}

Non-communicable disease is an increasing burden on public health. (3)
layout the charges against salt most clearly. They identify
comprehensively the connection between changes in salt intake and
changes in blood pressure and changes in cardiovascular (CVD) and
cerebrovascular diseases. They link the nutritional effect of salt but
they also identify the way this is affected by social and commercial
determinants of health. These are branches from different
epistemological backgrounds, nutrition from positivism, and the social
determinants from a more constructivist approach.

\begin{figure}
\centering
\includegraphics{nextlevel_files/figure-latex/fig-dagNa-1.pdf}
\caption{Diagram of relationships between BP and Salt}
\end{figure}

Explaining the role of the Framingham studies Kannel ((7) , (8)) and
Mahmood (9) describe how risk factor medicine came about. They describe
raised blood pressure as a `prominent member' of a group of risks in
cardiovascular disease. A disease which is the outcome of `multiple
forces'. Their description sees Framingham as part of the march of
progress in understanding cardiovascular disease in particular, but also
non-communicable disease. Kannel identifies that cardiologists alone
cannot conquer cardiovascular disease. Pringle (10) shows how stroke
risk relates to BP.

Since then BP has come to feature more and more in NCD, following
studies showing that reducing BP reduced the risk of CVD. This placed
detection, management, and control of BP at the centre of reducing CVD.
Ettehad (11) reported a comprehensive systematic review with 123 studies
over 49 years and 613815 participants. More contemporary studies look at
app use to improve BP monitoring (12). Bress (13) clearly identifies
that patient trust and engagement are essential in reducing `race' based
inequalities. Boutain (14) identifies stress and worry as important
factors for African American men and women. In North west England Roche
(15) developed quality assurance approaches to BP management which
highlight that there are many different approaches to assessment
monitoring and control.

Causes come from different epistological paradigms. Medically, the
causes of BP, as Kannel explains, are divided into secondary BP where
there is an identified pathological cause and `essential' or idiopathic
BP where no cause is identifiable. Contributors to and partial causes of
this essential BP have been sought, at individual and societal levels,
using medical and epidemiological approaches ( (16) , (17) , (18) ).

At the level of physiology, salt (Na) is a contributor to BP. The role
of salt in normal and abnormal BP control has been established through
WHO and Intersalt (19) with Elliot (20) updating the findings and
repeating the message. However news reports such as that of Newman (21)
identify contentious aspects. Elijovich (22) carefully explains how the
American Heart Association deals with the idea that there may be
individuals with higher sensitivity to salt .

`Lifestyle' causes, such as Boutain's ( (14) ) stresses, are reported as
a mix of personal `choice', `behaviours' and responses to other social
factors. That is, they are not choices at all. Whilst Jones et al. (23)
demonstrated that there is a cost to adopting dietary recommendations in
the UK. Salisbury's editorial (24) discusses how commerce also has a
role to play in a causation model which embraces an understanding of
causation on a population scale.

Personal choice may be affected by taste sensation and satiety. Tan (25)
discovered that this is difficult to study with a wide range of
approaches across their systematic review. Nakamura et al. (26) used
NDNS to explore how alternative flavourings might reduce the use of
salt.

Reducing salt intake works. Vollmer (27) reports findings that reduced
salt intake can reduce BP in diverse groups in the USA. Hendriksen (28)
also explored this using Dutch and other European data to support this.
Laverty et al. (29) demonstrates how policy reduces salt intake, and how
reversal of policy allows intake to increase again.

\hypertarget{food-classification}{%
\subsubsection{Food classification}\label{food-classification}}

has traditionally concentrated on nutritional analysis eg Nutriscore (
(30) , (31), (32) , (33) ).

The social aspect of food has been studied famously by Bourdieu ( (34),
(35) ).

The effect of the social and commercial nature of food is partly
accounted for in Monteiro's Nova classification. Dickie et al( (36) ,
(31) ) tried to develop a system which took this idea further, but
struggled to build a model which was any more effective.

Monteiro's initial explanation uses the concept of `processing' ( (37) ,
(38) , (39) , (40) ). In a recent debate (41) and (42) discuss the
concept of UPF and if it is valid or useful.

Explanations for the differential effect of these foods have developed
as quickly as new ultra-processed foods have been developed . Is it due
to nutritional content( (43) )? They are high in salt and sugar on
average. Is it due to effects on satiety, or changes to appetite( (44)
)? Do they taste better (45) ? Is it due to being easy to buy, and easy
to eat( (46) )? Is it because they don't require time and effort in the
home to process? Is it because these processes are industrial? Is it
because these foods contain `chemicals' or new ingredients? These
explanations move from nutritional through into social and commercial.

Colombet (47) showed that household income is correlated with UPF intake
in the UK as well as exploring the relationship in the French West
Indies (48).

All these critiques are possible because of the social element to the
classification. Colombet (47) identify that the intake of UPF has an
inequality dimension and then (49) use modeling to describe a `nutrition
transition'.

Nutrition based classifications appear less socially divisive due to
scientific isolation. They still contain elements of social factors. In
particular, the way that foods are analysed can change their reported
nutritional content. Eg a `standard' food may be compared to a
`traditionally prepared' food. The first is prepared in a factory with
control of its nutrition, the second by a home cook with limited access
to nutrition modification technology.

Statements about the scheme often discuss the high salt and sugar
content. Papers discussing the effect on physiology, and pathology in
particular highlight these, but they do not back their statements with
analysis. They do not show that the sodium, and UPF together increase
the risk of CVD, or BP rise. This dissertation intends to address this
gap

(50) show an approach between individual action and changing laws. This
approach would target those most at risk due to negative social
determinants. It does move into the realm of coercion of those `making
the wrong choices' into making better choices.

\hypertarget{upf}{%
\subsubsection{UPF}\label{upf}}

NOVA classification (37) looks at food beyond the nutrient level. It
primarily incorporates ideas relating to `processing of food'. As the
Nova concept has developed it can also be seen that `processsing'
incorporates how food is made available within social systems. Nova also
involves `processing' affects consumption behaviours through changes in
cooking and eating behaviour within social systems.

Group one are foods which are in a natural state, as plucked from the
tree. Group two is foods which are used in processes to modify group one
foods. Group three initially was all other foods, but was soon separated
into minimally processed foods, and group four the ultra-processed
foods.Increasing Nova category four food, or UPF, is associated with
increasing BP. There are other approaches to food classification which
try to address more than the nutritional content.

\begin{figure}
\centering
\includegraphics{nextlevel_files/figure-latex/fig-dag-upf-1.pdf}
\caption{DAG of relationships of UPF}
\end{figure}

\hypertarget{can-upf-be-described-in-nutritional-terms}{%
\subsubsection{Can UPF be described in nutritional
terms?}\label{can-upf-be-described-in-nutritional-terms}}

Webster (51) and niMurchu (52) identify the amount of salt in
ultraprocessed foods. Vargas (53) concentrates on sodium and potassium
using the Mexican national health and nutrition survey.

Sugars are the focus for Rauber (44), particularly free sugar intake.

Armendariz (54) look at how the retail food evironment in Mexican cities
has changed and how it affects BP.

\hypertarget{section}{%
\subsubsection{}\label{section}}

\hypertarget{upf-and-ill-health}{%
\subsubsection{UPF and Ill Health}\label{upf-and-ill-health}}

Mertens (\textbf{mertens?}), Barbosa (55), Santos (56) ,Aceves-martins
(43), and Rauber (57) explore how UPF are associated with poor health.
Whilst this is primarily metabolic pathology they do often mention BP.
Schulze (58) comprehensively reviews UPF and metabolic health. Dicken
and Betterham (59) provide a comprehensive review of papers considering
a range of metabolic and other health endpoints.

(60) try to identify ill health in young people associated with the
increasing use of UPF.

Hodge (61) dedicated an edition of `Public Health Nutrition' to this
question

(20)

\hypertarget{obesity}{%
\paragraph{obesity}\label{obesity}}

The link to obesity is perhaps more direct. Munoz (62) looked at Mexican
school age children. Li (63) looked at adults in China. Rauber (57) used
the NDNS study to look at obesity in the UK.

\hypertarget{diabetes-and-cardiometabolic-syndromes}{%
\paragraph{diabetes and cardiometabolic
syndromes}\label{diabetes-and-cardiometabolic-syndromes}}

Given the effects on obesity and the increase of energy intake the
connection to diabetes and cardiometabolic syndromes has been the
subject of more papers.

Aguiar (64) concentrates on diabetes only. Li (65) uses a national study
to link UPF with diabetes in China.

de Miranda Renata Costa (66) identifies the effect on metabolic health.
Martinez (67) connects the dietary share of UPF in the US population.
Tavares (68) doing the same in Brazilian adolescents.

dos Santos (69) identifies this as cardiometabolic health and provides a
systematic review (56) . Goodman et al (70) explore this in Venezualan
adults. Vilela (71) give a `\ldots prospective approach to childhood'.

Some authors look how these metabolic effects lead to other conditions.
For example Weinstein (72) with dementia. Gomez-Smith (73) identify a
possible pathological explanation. Ivancovsky (74) connects NAFLD. Lee
(75) connects these to CVD.

Colombet (48) connects these changes in metabolic syndrome with changes
in socioeconomic inequalities again linking the nutritional identity of
diet with its social aspects.

\hypertarget{cancer}{%
\paragraph{cancer}\label{cancer}}

(76) and seperately (77) have identified a risk of colorectal cancer.

\hypertarget{ckd}{%
\paragraph{ckd}\label{ckd}}

Kityo (78) identifies the effect on the kidneys. Identifying the diverse
effects of UPF and possibly also another contributory cause of BP
changes.

\hypertarget{increasing-upf-intake}{%
\subsubsection{Increasing UPF intake}\label{increasing-upf-intake}}

Many studies show the increasing role of UPF within the diet. Mertens
(79) and ni Mhurchu (52) show how UPF are being eaten in ever greater
quantities across Europe but especially across the UK.

Wang (46) identifies increasing consumption in US youths, D'Avila (80)
also identify that increasingly upf are the key source of energy in
adolescents. Gupta (81) explores the role of youth, identifying the
peculiar age distribution of UPF intake.

Rauber (44) look instead at free sugar intake.

\hypertarget{upf-bp-and-salt}{%
\subsubsection{UPF BP and Salt}\label{upf-bp-and-salt}}

\begin{figure}
\centering
\includegraphics{nextlevel_files/figure-latex/fig-dagupfbp-1.pdf}
\caption{DAG of relationships explored by analysis}
\end{figure}

What is not known is how UPF cause BP. Suter (82) asked Is it nutrient
based? In which case is this mediated by Salt? Is it other factors such
as the food sales environment as explored by Goncalves (83) ? This study
looks only at if Na is part of the causal pathway The thesis is that UPF
is more of a risk than the salt it contains

Many studies use quite carefully constructed categories to achieve
significant results.

The role of UPF in BP is described in a number of papers. Wang (84)
delivers a meta analysis and systematic review. This identifies the best
primary research and gives an odds ratio. Scaranni (85) and de Deus
Mendonca (86) deliver key primary studies in specific populations with
Shim (87) providing a Korean perspective.Du (2) gives the data for
China. Oliveira (60) looks at the effect in children, Rezende (88) with
adolescents.

Lima (89) reviewed already hypertensive individuals.

These papers answer to a connection between UPF and Hypertension. They
leave the next obvious question to brief speculation and future
research. Their offer is that UPF are high in Salt and sugars. The
question is dropped, the focus elsewhere.

smiljenac (90) and tzelfa (91) both look at how UPF affect the
vasculature which may be part of the pathway to BP.

\hypertarget{approach-to-change}{%
\subsubsection{Approach to change}\label{approach-to-change}}

Understanding the best approaches to reducing salt requires approaches
that also cross epsitological paradigms.

The relationship between Na and socioeconomic position was demonstrated
by Ji et al. (92).

Is it best to get individuals to reduce intake( (93), (94) , (27) , (95)
, (96) ), or for all of the food industry to reduce salt levels( (97) ,
(98) ).

Lifestyle factors are contented. Whilst individual choice is involved.
The range of choices available to individuals is limited by the nature
of their society. A misapplication of lifestyle results in blaming
individuals for the poor choices determined by their social and
commercial environment. Iso (99) looks at how education may be effective
in delivering change.

This can be tackled using a comprehensive integrated policy approach
such as `healthy cities' (100). Macregor (101) explores how political
change affects both the process and outcome of population level
approaches to improving health.

Instead of trying to change activity of millions of people can be more
effective to change laws and policies once ( (102) , (29) , (103) ,
(104) , (105) ). These `upstream' changes are relatively simple, and are
much more effective though they can also be reversed ( (3) ). Cost is
one of the causes of change as shown by Jones (23) using NDNS to
identify the cost premium of a good diet as defined by UK dietary
recommendation . Opposition sometimes comes from industry.

(29) and (101) showed that an analytical model can effectively
demonstrate the effects of different policies on population health. They
identify that reducing the effectiveness of a policy on salt in food
leads to changes in BP and so on to NCD.

(106) identify the benefits of their strategy. They discuss the range of
nation level approaches to reducing salt intake.

Dinbleby's (107) National food strategy

(108) ultraprocessed people

\hypertarget{literature-review-conclusion}{%
\subsection{Literature review
Conclusion}\label{literature-review-conclusion}}

The literature review identified and analysed a range of literature
across the field. Key points being that CVD is a significant NCD, and
has links with Na and UPF. These links are often described in different
paradigms. This study aims to cross link these paradigms looking at how
Na and UPF interact and looking to understand from a positivist approach
what effects UPF have within the positivist paradigm. At the same time
knowing and accepting that effects of UPF in this paradigm are a subset
of the total effect. Whilst also understanding that Na in its
nutritional paradigm similarly projects into the other paradigm.

\newpage

\hypertarget{method}{%
\section{Method}\label{method}}

\hypertarget{study-design-and-setting}{%
\subsection{Study Design and Setting}\label{study-design-and-setting}}

National Dietary and Nutritional Survey (NDNS (1))

This survey is a collaboration between government departments
responsible for health and for food production. They have engaged
academic partners to deliver reports on diet and nutrition across the
United Kingdom. The study is designed to be representative across the
four home nations, across age with balanced representation for children.
NDNS data are available via the UK national Data service for research
purposes.

NDNS is a rolling cohort study in each year a new cohort of participants
is selected. The intended sample is 1000 per year with 50\% adults. Each
year the sample is slightly different due to differential uptake.
Oversampling is used to control this.

The design is random selection across postal units (psu), stratified to
ensure a representative sample across the four nations (England, Wales,
Scotland, and Northern Ireland) and across regions within those nations
(North West, North East, Scotland, Northern Ireland, Wales, Yorkshire
and Humberside, East Midlands,West Midlands, London, The South East, The
South West). The sample is also representative for age and sex and IMD.

\hypertarget{participants-inclusion-and-exclusion}{%
\subsection{Participants, Inclusion and
Exclusion}\label{participants-inclusion-and-exclusion}}

All participants in NDNS are included. The data from the NDNS study
contains information about each individual, and their household. This
was collected through questionnaires. Then weight, height, and blood
pressure were measured by a nurse. Finally, dietary information was
collected through a 4-day food diary.

The relationship between salt and systolic blood pressure may be
different in individuals with pathologically high BP. Those taking BP
controlling medications may have a different relationship to sodium and
UPF and were excluded for analysis.

\hypertarget{variables}{%
\subsection{Variables}\label{variables}}

The key variables are systolic BP (BP), the outcome dependant variable,
and the explanatory exposure variables, UPF intake (UPF) and Sodium
intake (Na).

Additional explanatory variables are ones which can also influence BP.
They include Age, Sex, and BMI. Age at completion of education
(educfinh), and IMD are also used. BP medication (bpd) identifies which
participants have medication.

Categorical variables have been made from UPF,Na and BP, to enable
analysis.

\hypertarget{systolic-bp-bp}{%
\subsubsection{Systolic BP (BP)}\label{systolic-bp-bp}}

The mean systolic blood pressure (BP) is a validated measurement with
significant quality assessment within the dataset.

The variable BP is a quality assured mean value which is reliable across
the dataset. In particular it was assessed for the effects of exercise,
temperature and ill health and the data on all these is in the dataset.
Raw BP values are also present in the dataset to allow quality review.

I have created (hyp) a variable which identifies participants with BP
over 140 mmHg to enable logistic regression. This value is identified by
Du et al ((2)) and others.

\hypertarget{dietary-data}{%
\subsubsection{Dietary data}\label{dietary-data}}

The participants recorded their food intake prospectively over 4 days
recording food and portion size as well as where food was eaten. Adults
recorded this for the child participants.

Based on the food and drink intake reported and with a composition data
table, the NDNS team have estimated the overall intake of a large range
of nutrients.

\hypertarget{salt-estimation}{%
\subsubsection{Salt estimation}\label{salt-estimation}}

The sodium value ( Na, hiNa) was calculated from intake based on food
diaries and standard food nutrient values. This reflects the expected Na
content of standard foods.It assumes the content remains consistent. A
categorical variable hiNa, has been produced to use in logistic
regression. The cut off was 3000mg which is the WHO recommended amount
and to match those used in Du et al (2). Serum sodium values are
available for the early dataset, but not the later one. 24 urinary
sodium is a better indicator of dietary sodium but values are not
available across the whole time period.

\hypertarget{upf-1}{%
\subsubsection{UPF}\label{upf-1}}

The NOVA classification was used to estimate the intake of UPF developed
by Monteiro et al.~((39)). There is no record of NOVA classification in
NDNS. Data from Rauber et al ((44)) was used as a key for NDNS food
groups.

Each participant food diary entries are assessed against the Nova food
classification. The energy content of the day's food was calculated by
Nova group. This was added to the intake for the other 3 days and the
total intake by Nova group established. The percentage of the total
intake of energy was then calculated for each of the 4 Nova categories.
Nova group 4 or UPF intake (UPF) is used for this study.

A variable (UPF3) was developed from the mean UPF intake. The central
category is the mean with one standard deviation above and below. This
effectively identifies 67\% in the centre of the distribution.
Categories used in other papers eg (84) are low for the UK.

A second variable UPF2 was derived from this. This identifies those more
than one standard deviation above the mean.

\hypertarget{analysis-of-the-data}{%
\subsection{Analysis of the data}\label{analysis-of-the-data}}

\hypertarget{description-of-sample}{%
\subsubsection{Description of sample}\label{description-of-sample}}

Four data batches of data ( 2008-2012, 2013-2014, 2015-2016, 2017-2019)
were combined. The data was read using `r-studio' with the processing
being carried out using packages (see appendix 3) available from CRAN
((109)). In particular the package `survey' (110) was used to manage
weighted data. Once the data labels were made consistent across the
batches, weighting recalculation was done. Generated weighting values
account for differences in population balance across the annual cohorts.
These result from differences in compliance and uptake within and across
the years and maintains IMD, Sex, Age, IMD and regional representation
in the resultant populations

A table showing representative statistics for the population was
developed. Mean values for the data are displayed with a comparison for
weighted values. The exposure variables are sodium intake (Na), and
ultra processed food intake (UPF). The outcome variable, the mean
systolic blood pressure (BP).

\hypertarget{analysis-of-change-over-survey-wave-sex-age-and-place}{%
\subsubsection{Analysis of Change over Survey Wave Sex Age and
Place}\label{analysis-of-change-over-survey-wave-sex-age-and-place}}

Change over the survey waves was demonstrated. These were not the same
participants so matched analysis, and time series analysis was not
applicable.

Other variables in the data were also compared to show that waves were
comparable across controlled variables.

The main variables were analysed against sex, age, and UK government
region. This showed the distribution of the sample across these
categories.

Statistical significance of changes in the data were shown by p.values
with continuous data, and categorical data analysed using chi squared
tables. In all analysis a value of p \textless{} 0.05 was taken as the
threshold of statistical significance.

\hypertarget{univariable-regression}{%
\subsection{Univariable Regression}\label{univariable-regression}}

Analysis of the association between BP and sodium intake, and then BP
and UPF intake was done using univariable linear regression.

Analysis with age,sex, region and between each of the variables
identified their relationships.

P.values and confidence intervals were calculated.

\hypertarget{multivariable-regression-on-bp}{%
\subsection{Multivariable Regression on
BP}\label{multivariable-regression-on-bp}}

Multivariable regression models were developed. These demonstrate the
interactions between variables and identify mathematical models of the
relationships. The optimal model is one which best explains the pattern
of data, but which also makes practical sense for the wider
understanding of relationships.

A set of four models was developed. The baseline model had the outcome
variable and explanatory variables. Each exposure variable was added
separately for the next two models. The final model contained all three
of the key variables.

AIC was used to understand the relative importance of variables.

\newpage

\hypertarget{results}{%
\section{Results}\label{results}}

\hypertarget{participants-and-descriptive-data}{%
\subsection{Participants and Descriptive
Data}\label{participants-and-descriptive-data}}

The whole NDNS population was 15,655. The mean age was 40. Categorising
age shows that 22\% of the population was between 19 and 35. There were
49\% male participants. Mean BP was 123 mmHg. On outcome, 7256
participants had a BP below 140 mmHg, but there were 7196 participants
unknown. There was no BP recorded for year 11. The mean exposure to Na
was 2037 mg daily. The mean UPF exposure was 48\%.

The population with those on medication included 14217 participants. The
mean age was 38. The biggest age group again was 19-35. There were again
49\% male participants. Mean outcome, BP was 121 mmHg. The exposure, Na
was 2043 mg and UPF was still 48\%.

There appeared little difference in bmi, educational level, IMD, or
region of origin. This first table (\textbf{tbl-table1?}) shows all
variables.

Continuous variables are represented by the mean and standard deviation
in brackets. Categorical variables give the number of participants and
the percentage of the sample in brackets.

\begin{longtable}[]{@{}lc@{}}
\toprule()
\textbf{Characteristic} & \textbf{N = 15,655} \\
\midrule()
\endhead
Age & 40 (22, 58) \\
agegad3 & \\
(0,16{]} & 2,930 (19\%) \\
(16,19{]} & 526 (3.4\%) \\
(19,35{]} & 3,372 (22\%) \\
(35,50{]} & 3,355 (21\%) \\
(50,65{]} & 2,912 (19\%) \\
(65,108{]} & 2,561 (16\%) \\
Sex & \\
Male & 7,699 (49\%) \\
Female & 7,956 (51\%) \\
(D) Omron valid mean systolic BP & 122 (110, 133) \\
Unknown & 7,196 \\
hyp & \\
(0,140{]} & 7,256 (86\%) \\
(140,300{]} & 1,202 (14\%) \\
Unknown & 7,196 \\
(D) Valid BMI & 25 (21, 29) \\
Unknown & 981 \\
Sodium (mg) diet only & 1,927 (1,480, 2,478) \\
hiNa & \\
(0,1.5e+03{]} & 4,045 (26\%) \\
(1.5e+03,3e+03{]} & 9,852 (63\%) \\
(3e+03,5e+03{]} & 1,685 (11\%) \\
(5e+03,6e+03{]} & 54 (0.3\%) \\
(6e+03,1e+04{]} & 19 (0.1\%) \\
UPF & 47 (37, 58) \\
UPF3 & \\
(0,33{]} & 2,678 (17\%) \\
(33,45{]} & 4,184 (27\%) \\
(45,63{]} & 6,240 (40\%) \\
(63,80{]} & 2,292 (15\%) \\
(80,100{]} & 261 (1.7\%) \\
educfinh & \\
Not yet finished & 375 (2.9\%) \\
Never went to school & 41 (0.3\%) \\
14 or under & 504 (3.9\%) \\
15 & 1,773 (14\%) \\
16 & 3,483 (27\%) \\
17 & 1,074 (8.3\%) \\
18 & 1,588 (12\%) \\
19 or over & 4,172 (32\%) \\
Unknown & 2,645 \\
IMD & \\
1 & 2,977 (19\%) \\
2 & 3,128 (20\%) \\
3 & 2,905 (19\%) \\
4 & 3,269 (21\%) \\
5 & 3,372 (22\%) \\
Unknown & 5 \\
gor & \\
England:North East & 641 (4.1\%) \\
England:North West & 1,735 (11\%) \\
England:Yorkshire \& The Humber & 1,308 (8.4\%) \\
England:East Midlands & 1,128 (7.2\%) \\
England:West Midlands & 1,384 (8.8\%) \\
England:East of England & 1,460 (9.3\%) \\
England:London & 2,029 (13\%) \\
England:South East & 2,148 (14\%) \\
England:South West & 1,321 (8.4\%) \\
Wales & 753 (4.8\%) \\
Scotland & 1,302 (8.3\%) \\
Northern Ireland & 447 (2.9\%) \\
bpd & \\
not taking drug & 14,217 (91\%) \\
Taking drug & 1,438 (9.2\%) \\
\bottomrule()
\end{longtable}

\begin{verbatim}
## [1] "/media/david/Elements1/contents/DOHmed/MPH/MPHModules/dissertation/alternativequant/upfnabp/data/table1.png"
\end{verbatim}

\hypertarget{population-by-survey-wave}{%
\subsubsection{Population by Survey
Wave}\label{population-by-survey-wave}}

The variables were compared across annual waves. The numbers seemed
smaller towards the end of the series, for Na, UPF and for BP. Each
cohort was adjusted to be comparable using weighting values given by the
study coordinators. The highest mean value for Na was 2257 (standard
deviation is 878) in year one. The lowest mean value for Na was 1892
(724) in year ten.

Mean UPF was highest in year 2 and year 6 at 50\%. The lowest mean UPF
intake was 45\% in years 8,9 and 10. The mean outcome variable BP was
highest in year one with 125 mmHg, and the lowest 120 mmHg in year 6.

The separate waves had separate participants.The data is presented in
(\textbf{tbl-keydata?}).

Results were illustrated by plots against survey year.
(\textbf{fig-upf-and-survey-year?}) showed overlap between the waves for
UPF intake. (\textbf{fig-Na-and-survey-year?}) showed Na exposure
overlap between waves. (\textbf{fig-BP-and-survey-year?}) identified the
lack of data for year 11.

\begin{figure}
\centering
\includegraphics{nextlevel_files/figure-latex/fig-upf-and-survey-year-1.pdf}
\caption{Energy from UPF\% in each annual cohorts NDNS (2008-2019)}
\end{figure}

\begin{figure}
\centering
\includegraphics{nextlevel_files/figure-latex/fig-Na-and-survey-year-1.pdf}
\caption{Na in mg in each annual cohort NDNS(2008-2019)}
\end{figure}

\begin{figure}
\centering
\includegraphics{nextlevel_files/figure-latex/fig-BP-and-survey-year-1.pdf}
\caption{Plot of the BP in mmHg by year from NDNS (2008-2018)}
\end{figure}

General linear regression modelling was used, with wave 1 as a
comparator for analysis of the other waves.

This showed that for Na there was a negative beta value with p.value
\textless0.001 in wave 4-11. For UPF the beta value was negative in wave
7,8,9 and 10 with p.value \textless0.05. The BP had a negative beta
value in all waves, with p.value \textless0.05 in waves 5,6,8,9 and 10.

Age was a variable which the whole sample was weighted to be maintained
across the waves. There were no p.values below 0.12.

BMI had a negative p.value in most years but the p.value was
\textless0.05 only in wave 7 and 8.

(\textbf{tbl-Key-Variables-by-Survey-year?}) shows results for
continuous variables.

\begin{verbatim}
## [1] "/media/david/Elements1/contents/DOHmed/MPH/MPHModules/dissertation/alternativequant/upfnabp/data/tbl-Variables-by-Survey-year.png"
\end{verbatim}

The categorical data also had p.values \textgreater0.05 for the
controlled variables (age, sex, IMD) against annual wave. UK region is
part of the weighting, but this sample showed variation with p.value
\textless0.05.

Vegetarian, categorised UPF intake, and hypertension had a p.value of
\textless0.05.

BMI had a p.value of 0.77.

Data for year 5 was absent for education. Data for year 11 was absent
for hypertension.

(\textbf{tbl-Categorical-variables-year?}) follows.

\global\setlength{\Oldarrayrulewidth}{\arrayrulewidth}

\global\setlength{\Oldtabcolsep}{\tabcolsep}

\setlength{\tabcolsep}{0pt}

\renewcommand*{\arraystretch}{1.5}



\providecommand{\ascline}[3]{\noalign{\global\arrayrulewidth #1}\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{#2}\cline{#3}}

\begin{longtable}[c]{|p{1.36in}|p{0.77in}|p{0.85in}}



\ascline{1.5pt}{666666}{1-3}

\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}b{\dimexpr 1.36in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Variable}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedleft}b{\dimexpr 0.77in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{ChiSq}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textsuperscript{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedleft}b{\dimexpr 0.85in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{p.value}}}} \\

\ascline{1.5pt}{666666}{1-3}\endhead



\multicolumn{3}{>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.98in+4\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textsuperscript{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1}}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Chi\ Squared\ for\ categorical\ data}}}} \\





\multicolumn{3}{>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.98in+4\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textsuperscript{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{2}}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{year\ 5\ data\ missing}}}} \\





\multicolumn{3}{>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.98in+4\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textsuperscript{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{3}}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{year\ 11\ data\ missing}}}} \\

\endfoot



\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.36in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Sex}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 0.77in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.90}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 0.85in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.53}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.36in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{IMD}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 0.77in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.86}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 0.85in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.71}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.36in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Age}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 0.77in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.94}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 0.85in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.58}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.36in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Education}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textsuperscript{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{2}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 0.77in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 0.85in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.36in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{UPF3}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 0.77in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{2.48}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 0.85in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.00}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.36in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Hypertension}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textsuperscript{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{3}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 0.77in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 0.85in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.36in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{BMI}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 0.77in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.78}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 0.85in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.77}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.36in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Region}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 0.77in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.37}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 0.85in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.02}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.36in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Vegetarian}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 0.77in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.97}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 0.85in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.02}}}} \\

\ascline{1.5pt}{666666}{1-3}



\end{longtable}



\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{000000}

\global\setlength{\arrayrulewidth}{\Oldarrayrulewidth}

\global\setlength{\tabcolsep}{\Oldtabcolsep}

\renewcommand*{\arraystretch}{1}

\begin{verbatim}
## [1] "/media/david/Elements1/contents/DOHmed/MPH/MPHModules/dissertation/alternativequant/upfnabp/data/tablecat.png"
\end{verbatim}

\hypertarget{exposure-and-outcome-variables-by-sex-age-and-place}{%
\subsection{Exposure and outcome variables by Sex, Age and
Place}\label{exposure-and-outcome-variables-by-sex-age-and-place}}

In each case the lower gradient of the relationship between the variable
and Sex was statistically significant. (\textbf{tbl-keydatax?}) shows
the difference between male and female in the key variables.

\global\setlength{\Oldarrayrulewidth}{\arrayrulewidth}

\global\setlength{\Oldtabcolsep}{\tabcolsep}

\setlength{\tabcolsep}{0pt}

\renewcommand*{\arraystretch}{1.5}



\providecommand{\ascline}[3]{\noalign{\global\arrayrulewidth #1}\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{#2}\cline{#3}}

\begin{longtable}[c]{|p{1.49in}|p{1.86in}|p{1.86in}|p{0.93in}}



\ascline{1pt}{000000}{1-4}

\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.49in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textbf{Characteristic}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textbf{Male}}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{,\ N\ =\ 6,992}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textsuperscript{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textbf{Female}}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{,\ N\ =\ 7,225}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textsuperscript{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textbf{p-value}}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textsuperscript{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{2}}}}} \\

\ascline{1pt}{000000}{1-4}\endhead



\multicolumn{4}{>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 6.14in+6\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textsuperscript{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1}}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Median\ (IQR);\ n\ (\%)}}}} \\





\multicolumn{4}{>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 6.14in+6\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textsuperscript{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{2}}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Wilcoxon\ rank-sum\ test\ for\ complex\ survey\ samples;\ chi-squared\ test\ with\ Rao\ \&\ Scott's\ second-order\ correction}}}} \\

\endfoot



\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.49in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Na}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{2,205\ (1,676,\ 2,800)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1,722\ (1,351,\ 2,170)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{<0.001}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.49in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{UPF}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{49\ (39,\ 60)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{47\ (36,\ 57)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{<0.001}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.49in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{UPF3}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{<0.001}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.49in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{(0,33]}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1,036\ (15\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1,336\ (18\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.49in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{(33,45]}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1,747\ (25\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1,942\ (27\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.49in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{(45,63]}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{2,875\ (41\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{2,851\ (39\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.49in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{(63,80]}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1,199\ (17\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{978\ (14\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.49in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{(80,100]}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{135\ (1.9\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{118\ (1.6\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.49in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{BP}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{124\ (114,\ 133)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{114\ (106,\ 126)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{<0.001}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.49in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Unknown}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{3,431}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{3,471}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} \\

\ascline{1pt}{000000}{1-4}



\end{longtable}



\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{000000}

\global\setlength{\arrayrulewidth}{\Oldarrayrulewidth}

\global\setlength{\tabcolsep}{\Oldtabcolsep}

\renewcommand*{\arraystretch}{1}

\begin{verbatim}
## [1] "/media/david/Elements1/contents/DOHmed/MPH/MPHModules/dissertation/alternativequant/upfnabp/data/tblkeydata.png"
\end{verbatim}

Peak mean Na was 2302mg in the 19-35 age group. The mean peak UPF
exposure was 58\% in the 16-18 age group, but was almost matched by 56\%
the 0-16 group. BP rose through life to a mean of 134 mm Hg in the over
65 age category.

(\textbf{tbl-tbl-keydataA?}) shows the age distribution of exposure to
sodium and UPF and the resulting BP.

\global\setlength{\Oldarrayrulewidth}{\arrayrulewidth}

\global\setlength{\Oldtabcolsep}{\tabcolsep}

\setlength{\tabcolsep}{0pt}

\renewcommand*{\arraystretch}{1.5}



\providecommand{\ascline}[3]{\noalign{\global\arrayrulewidth #1}\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{#2}\cline{#3}}

\begin{longtable}[c]{|p{1.49in}|p{1.86in}|p{1.86in}|p{1.86in}|p{1.86in}|p{1.86in}|p{1.89in}|p{0.93in}}



\ascline{1pt}{000000}{1-8}

\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.49in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textbf{Characteristic}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textbf{(0,16]}}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{,\ N\ =\ 2,927}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textsuperscript{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textbf{(16,19]}}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{,\ N\ =\ 524}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textsuperscript{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textbf{(19,35]}}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{,\ N\ =\ 3,357}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textsuperscript{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textbf{(35,50]}}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{,\ N\ =\ 3,241}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textsuperscript{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textbf{(50,65]}}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{,\ N\ =\ 2,475}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textsuperscript{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 1.89in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textbf{(65,108]}}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{,\ N\ =\ 1,692}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textsuperscript{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textbf{p-value}}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textsuperscript{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{2}}}}} \\

\ascline{1pt}{000000}{1-8}\endhead



\multicolumn{8}{>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 13.61in+14\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textsuperscript{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1}}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Median\ (IQR);\ n\ (\%)}}}} \\





\multicolumn{8}{>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 13.61in+14\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textsuperscript{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{2}}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Wilcoxon\ rank-sum\ test\ for\ complex\ survey\ samples;\ chi-squared\ test\ with\ Rao\ \&\ Scott's\ second-order\ correction}}}} \\

\endfoot



\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.49in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Na}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1,634\ (1,254,\ 2,072)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{2,070\ (1,615,\ 2,680)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{2,205\ (1,624,\ 2,798)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{2,082\ (1,601,\ 2,654)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1,938\ (1,518,\ 2,441)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.89in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1,805\ (1,427,\ 2,193)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{<0.001}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.49in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{UPF}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{57\ (47,\ 66)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{57\ (48,\ 69)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{50\ (39,\ 60)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{45\ (35,\ 56)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{41\ (32,\ 50)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.89in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{43\ (34,\ 52)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{<0.001}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.49in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{UPF3}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.89in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{<0.001}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.49in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{(0,33]}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{157\ (5.4\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{27\ (5.2\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{502\ (15\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{671\ (21\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{663\ (27\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.89in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{351\ (21\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.49in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{(33,45]}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{435\ (15\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{66\ (13\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{782\ (23\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{940\ (29\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{867\ (35\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.89in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{600\ (35\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.49in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{(45,63]}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1,399\ (48\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{244\ (47\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1,420\ (42\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1,247\ (38\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{788\ (32\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.89in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{629\ (37\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.49in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{(63,80]}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{834\ (28\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{155\ (30\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{572\ (17\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{360\ (11\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{146\ (5.9\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.89in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{109\ (6.4\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.49in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{(80,100]}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{101\ (3.5\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{31\ (5.9\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{81\ (2.4\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{24\ (0.7\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{12\ (0.5\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.89in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{4\ (0.2\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.49in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{BP}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{106\ (99,\ 113)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{114\ (108,\ 123)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{118\ (110,\ 126)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{120\ (112,\ 130)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{128\ (118,\ 138)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.89in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{133\ (122,\ 144)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{<0.001}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.49in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Unknown}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1,635}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{246}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1,645}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1,448}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1,073}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.89in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{856}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} \\

\ascline{1pt}{000000}{1-8}



\end{longtable}



\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{000000}

\global\setlength{\arrayrulewidth}{\Oldarrayrulewidth}

\global\setlength{\tabcolsep}{\Oldtabcolsep}

\renewcommand*{\arraystretch}{1}

\begin{verbatim}
## [1] "/media/david/Elements1/contents/DOHmed/MPH/MPHModules/dissertation/alternativequant/upfnabp/data/keydatwAb.png"
\end{verbatim}

UPF exposure was highest in Northern Ireland and lowest in London. The
sodium exposure was highest in Scotland and lowest in London. Outcome BP
was also lowest in London, with the highest in the North East.
(\textbf{tbl-keydatap?}) shows the data.

\global\setlength{\Oldarrayrulewidth}{\arrayrulewidth}

\global\setlength{\Oldtabcolsep}{\tabcolsep}

\setlength{\tabcolsep}{0pt}

\renewcommand*{\arraystretch}{1.5}



\providecommand{\ascline}[3]{\noalign{\global\arrayrulewidth #1}\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{#2}\cline{#3}}

\begin{longtable}[c]{|p{1.49in}|p{2.69in}|p{2.90in}|p{4.03in}|p{3.12in}|p{3.18in}|p{3.26in}|p{2.55in}|p{2.85in}|p{2.91in}|p{1.86in}|p{1.91in}|p{2.45in}|p{0.93in}}



\ascline{1pt}{000000}{1-14}

\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.49in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textbf{Characteristic}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 2.69in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textbf{England:North\ East}}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{,\ N\ =\ 562}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textsuperscript{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 2.9in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textbf{England:North\ West}}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{,\ N\ =\ 1,564}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textsuperscript{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 4.03in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textbf{England:Yorkshire\ \&\ The\ Humber}}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{,\ N\ =\ 1,187}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textsuperscript{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.12in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textbf{England:East\ Midlands}}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{,\ N\ =\ 1,023}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textsuperscript{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.18in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textbf{England:West\ Midlands}}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{,\ N\ =\ 1,243}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textsuperscript{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 3.26in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textbf{England:East\ of\ England}}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{,\ N\ =\ 1,338}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textsuperscript{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 2.55in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textbf{England:London}}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{,\ N\ =\ 1,863}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textsuperscript{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 2.85in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textbf{England:South\ East}}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{,\ N\ =\ 1,962}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textsuperscript{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 2.91in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textbf{England:South\ West}}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{,\ N\ =\ 1,201}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textsuperscript{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textbf{Wales}}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{,\ N\ =\ 682}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textsuperscript{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 1.91in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textbf{Scotland}}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{,\ N\ =\ 1,181}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textsuperscript{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 2.45in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textbf{Northern\ Ireland}}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{,\ N\ =\ 413}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textsuperscript{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textbf{p-value}}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textsuperscript{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{2}}}}} \\

\ascline{1pt}{000000}{1-14}\endhead



\multicolumn{14}{>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 36.13in+26\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textsuperscript{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1}}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Median\ (IQR);\ n\ (\%)}}}} \\





\multicolumn{14}{>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 36.13in+26\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textsuperscript{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{2}}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Wilcoxon\ rank-sum\ test\ for\ complex\ survey\ samples;\ chi-squared\ test\ with\ Rao\ \&\ Scott's\ second-order\ correction}}}} \\

\endfoot



\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.49in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Na}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.69in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1,908\ (1,368,\ 2,505)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.9in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1,954\ (1,510,\ 2,537)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 4.03in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1,915\ (1,432,\ 2,480)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.12in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{2,002\ (1,541,\ 2,553)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.18in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1,949\ (1,498,\ 2,515)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.26in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1,959\ (1,506,\ 2,564)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.55in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1,813\ (1,348,\ 2,406)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.85in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1,909\ (1,466,\ 2,461)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.91in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1,962\ (1,498,\ 2,489)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1,896\ (1,466,\ 2,436)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.91in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{2,005\ (1,559,\ 2,542)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.45in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1,968\ (1,524,\ 2,496)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.003}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.49in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{UPF}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.69in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{50\ (40,\ 60)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.9in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{48\ (37,\ 60)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 4.03in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{48\ (37,\ 60)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.12in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{47\ (39,\ 58)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.18in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{51\ (39,\ 61)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.26in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{48\ (38,\ 59)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.55in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{44\ (32,\ 54)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.85in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{47\ (36,\ 58)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.91in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{46\ (37,\ 56)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{49\ (38,\ 58)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.91in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{50\ (40,\ 61)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.45in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{52\ (42,\ 61)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{<0.001}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.49in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{UPF3}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.69in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.9in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 4.03in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.12in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.18in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.26in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.55in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.85in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.91in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.91in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.45in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{<0.001}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.49in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{(0,33]}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.69in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{74\ (13\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.9in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{270\ (17\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 4.03in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{186\ (16\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.12in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{151\ (15\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.18in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{176\ (14\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.26in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{184\ (14\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.55in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{479\ (26\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.85in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{332\ (17\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.91in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{207\ (17\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{107\ (16\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.91in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{164\ (14\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.45in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{41\ (10\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.49in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{(33,45]}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.69in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{123\ (22\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.9in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{385\ (25\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 4.03in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{313\ (26\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.12in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{281\ (27\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.18in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{269\ (22\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.26in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{391\ (29\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.55in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{485\ (26\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.85in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{559\ (28\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.91in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{358\ (30\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{166\ (24\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.91in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{269\ (23\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.45in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{93\ (22\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.49in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{(45,63]}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.69in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{264\ (47\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.9in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{609\ (39\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 4.03in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{444\ (37\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.12in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{411\ (40\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.18in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{542\ (44\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.26in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{535\ (40\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.55in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{708\ (38\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.85in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{759\ (39\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.91in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{455\ (38\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{291\ (43\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.91in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{520\ (44\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.45in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{189\ (46\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.49in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{(63,80]}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.69in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{92\ (16\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.9in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{280\ (18\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 4.03in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{218\ (18\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.12in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{152\ (15\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.18in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{235\ (19\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.26in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{212\ (16\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.55in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{168\ (9.0\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.85in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{278\ (14\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.91in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{160\ (13\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{105\ (15\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.91in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{192\ (16\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.45in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{83\ (20\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.49in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{(80,100]}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.69in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{10\ (1.8\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.9in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{20\ (1.3\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 4.03in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{26\ (2.2\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.12in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{29\ (2.8\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.18in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{20\ (1.6\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.26in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{15\ (1.1\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.55in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{23\ (1.2\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.85in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{34\ (1.7\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.91in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{21\ (1.7\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{13\ (1.9\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.91in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{36\ (3.0\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.45in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{7\ (1.6\%)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.49in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{BP}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.69in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{121\ (112,\ 133)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.9in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{120\ (110,\ 131)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 4.03in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{122\ (111,\ 134)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.12in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{122\ (112,\ 132)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.18in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{120\ (110,\ 131)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.26in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{120\ (110,\ 130)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.55in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{114\ (106,\ 124)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.85in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{118\ (109,\ 129)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.91in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{121\ (108,\ 132)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{120\ (111,\ 134)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.91in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{118\ (108,\ 130)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.45in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{121\ (109,\ 131)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{<0.001}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.49in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Unknown}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.69in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{264}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.9in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{798}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 4.03in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{585}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.12in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{449}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.18in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{628}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.26in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{636}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.55in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{981}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.85in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{857}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.91in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{547}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{351}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.91in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{570}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.45in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{237}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} \\

\ascline{1pt}{000000}{1-14}



\end{longtable}



\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{000000}

\global\setlength{\arrayrulewidth}{\Oldarrayrulewidth}

\global\setlength{\tabcolsep}{\Oldtabcolsep}

\renewcommand*{\arraystretch}{1}

\begin{verbatim}
## [1] "/media/david/Elements1/contents/DOHmed/MPH/MPHModules/dissertation/alternativequant/upfnabp/data/keydatwpb.png"
\end{verbatim}

\hypertarget{paired-regression-of-variables-on-each-other}{%
\subsection{Paired Regression of variables on each
other}\label{paired-regression-of-variables-on-each-other}}

Simple linear regression equations look for the relationship between the
outcome BP, and the independent exposure variable.

The regression model for Sodium against BP shows that there is no linear
relationship between Sodium and BP in this table
(\textbf{tbl-univariable-regressions?}). UPF compared to Na also shows a
zero beta value indicating no linear relationship.

UPF does show a negative relationship with age, which is statistically
significant. There is also a negative relationship with Age, again
statistically significant.

Age has a relationship with BP with a statistically significant positive
gradient. There is also a positive relationship with Na, which is also
statistically significant to the 95\% level.

In conclusion the linear regression models show that there are
correlations between the systolic BP and energy intake only. The next
section will examine how this situation changes as variables interact in
more complex models.

\global\setlength{\Oldarrayrulewidth}{\arrayrulewidth}

\global\setlength{\Oldtabcolsep}{\tabcolsep}

\setlength{\tabcolsep}{0pt}

\renewcommand*{\arraystretch}{1.5}



\providecommand{\ascline}[3]{\noalign{\global\arrayrulewidth #1}\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{#2}\cline{#3}}

\begin{longtable}[c]{|p{0.93in}|p{2.09in}|p{0.68in}|p{1.22in}|p{0.93in}}



\ascline{1pt}{000000}{1-5}

\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textbf{Group}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textbf{Characteristic}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.68in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textbf{Beta}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 1.22in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textbf{95\%\ CI}}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textsuperscript{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textbf{p-value}}}}} \\

\ascline{1pt}{000000}{1-5}\endhead



\multicolumn{5}{>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 5.85in+8\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textsuperscript{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1}}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{CI\ =\ Confidence\ Interval}}}} \\

\endfoot



\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{BP/Na}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Na}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.68in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.00}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.22in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.00,\ 0.00}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{<0.001}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{UPF/Na}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Na}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.68in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.00}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.22in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.00,\ 0.00}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{<0.001}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{UPF/bp}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{UPF}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.68in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{-0.20}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.22in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{-0.23,\ -0.16}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{<0.001}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{UPF/Age}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{UPF}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.68in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{-0.45}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.22in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{-0.48,\ -0.42}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{<0.001}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Age/BP}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Age}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.68in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.43}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.22in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.41,\ 0.45}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{<0.001}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Age/Na}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Age}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.68in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.5}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.22in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.77,\ 2.3}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{<0.001}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{BP/bmi}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{bmival}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.68in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.0}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.22in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.92,\ 1.1}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{<0.001}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{BP/Agg1}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{agegad3}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.68in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.22in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{(0,16]}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.68in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{—}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.22in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{—}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{(16,19]}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.68in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{9.7}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.22in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{7.9,\ 11}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{<0.001}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{(19,35]}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.68in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{12}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.22in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{11,\ 13}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{<0.001}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{(35,50]}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.68in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{15}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.22in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{14,\ 17}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{<0.001}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{(50,65]}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.68in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{23}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.22in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{21,\ 24}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{<0.001}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{(65,108]}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.68in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{28}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.22in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{26,\ 30}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{<0.001}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{BP/ed}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{educfinh}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.68in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.22in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Not\ yet\ finished}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.68in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{—}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.22in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{—}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Never\ went\ to\ school}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.68in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{7.6}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.22in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{3.6,\ 12}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{<0.001}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{14\ or\ under}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.68in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{19}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.22in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{14,\ 24}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{<0.001}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{15}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.68in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{15}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.22in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{12,\ 18}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{<0.001}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{16}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.68in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{7.2}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.22in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{4.8,\ 9.6}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{<0.001}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{17}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.68in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{8.2}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.22in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{5.4,\ 11}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{<0.001}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{18}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.68in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{6.4}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.22in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{3.8,\ 9.0}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{<0.001}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{19\ or\ over}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.68in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{5.5}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.22in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{3.3,\ 7.7}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{<0.001}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{UPF/bmi}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{bmival}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.68in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{-0.27}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.22in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{-0.32,\ -0.21}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{<0.001}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{UPF/age}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{agegad3}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.68in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.22in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{(0,16]}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.68in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{—}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.22in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{—}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{(16,19]}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.68in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.4}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.22in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{-0.25,\ 3.1}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.10}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{(19,35]}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.68in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{-6.7}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.22in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{-7.7,\ -5.7}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{<0.001}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{(35,50]}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.68in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{-11}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.22in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{-12,\ -10}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{<0.001}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{(50,65]}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.68in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{-15}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.22in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{-16,\ -14}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{<0.001}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{(65,108]}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.68in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{-13}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.22in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{-14,\ -12}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{<0.001}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{UPF/ed}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{educfinh}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.68in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.22in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Not\ yet\ finished}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.68in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{—}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.22in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{—}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Never\ went\ to\ school}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.68in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{-18}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.22in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{-28,\ -6.9}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.001}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{14\ or\ under}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.68in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{-8.9}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.22in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{-12,\ -5.8}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{<0.001}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{15}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.68in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{-6.8}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.22in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{-9.5,\ -4.0}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{<0.001}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{16}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.68in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{-4.9}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.22in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{-7.5,\ -2.3}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{<0.001}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{17}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.68in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{-6.2}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.22in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{-9.0,\ -3.4}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{<0.001}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{18}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.68in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{-7.4}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.22in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{-10,\ -4.7}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{<0.001}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{19\ or\ over}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.68in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{-11}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.22in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{-13,\ -8.0}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{<0.001}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Na/bmi}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{bmival}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.68in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{17}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.22in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{14,\ 19}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{<0.001}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Na/Agg}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{agegad3}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.68in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.22in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{(0,16]}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.68in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{—}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.22in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{—}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{(16,19]}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.68in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{477}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.22in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{384,\ 569}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{<0.001}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{(19,35]}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.68in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{586}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.22in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{529,\ 643}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{<0.001}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{(35,50]}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.68in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{454}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.22in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{408,\ 499}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{<0.001}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{(50,65]}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.68in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{295}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.22in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{250,\ 341}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{<0.001}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{(65,108]}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.68in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{137}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.22in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{91,\ 183}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{<0.001}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Na/ed}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{educfinh}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.68in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.22in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Not\ yet\ finished}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.68in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{—}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.22in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{—}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Never\ went\ to\ school}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.68in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{-759}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.22in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{-1,354,\ -164}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.012}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{14\ or\ under}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.68in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{-362}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.22in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{-517,\ -206}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{<0.001}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{15}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.68in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{-223}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.22in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{-361,\ -85}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.002}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{16}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.68in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{-121}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.22in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{-255,\ 14}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.078}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{17}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.68in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{-174}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.22in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{-321,\ -26}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.021}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{18}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.68in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{-126}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.22in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{-268,\ 17}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.083}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{19\ or\ over}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.68in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{-136}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.22in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{-270,\ -0.85}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.049}}}} \\

\ascline{1pt}{000000}{1-5}



\end{longtable}



\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{000000}

\global\setlength{\arrayrulewidth}{\Oldarrayrulewidth}

\global\setlength{\tabcolsep}{\Oldtabcolsep}

\renewcommand*{\arraystretch}{1}

\begin{verbatim}
## [1] "/media/david/Elements1/contents/DOHmed/MPH/MPHModules/dissertation/alternativequant/upfnabp/data/univariables.png"
\end{verbatim}

\hypertarget{multi-variable-logistic-regression}{%
\subsection{Multi variable logistic
regression}\label{multi-variable-logistic-regression}}

This set of models looked at when the data was regressed against hyp a
variable identifying hypertension as 140mmHg in patients who are not on
BP reducing medication.

The first model, labelled ``No sodium or UPF'' of this set looks at the
relationships between BP and some of the background variables (Age and
Sex, education and IMD) all of which may have an effect on BP. The
result shows that the odds ratio for females is 0.6 and this is
statistically significant. That is the odds of a female participant
having a BP above 140 are almost half those for a male participant. BMI
odds ratios are not statistically significant across the categories.
That is a BMI over 30 is not associated with a BP above 140mmHg in this
data set. All age groups have statistically significant differences in
odds of hypertension compared to the under 16 age group. That of the
oldest age group being a 372 times greater risk. The IMD groups are not
statistically different from the least deprived.

The second model, ``Sodium Only'', adds sodium as the exposure variable.
The odds ratio for the group taking between 5000mg and 6000mg per day is
statistically significantly different from those taking less than 3000mg
per day. There is an odds ratio of 7.5 for this group. It also shows
minimal effects on other variables in the model.

``UPF only'' is the third model. Here there is no significant difference
in odds ratio for any group. Again there are minimal effects on the
other variables.

The last model, ``Sodium and UPF'', shows that when combined there is
still little effect identified statistically, on each other or on the
other variables. The difference in odds ratio for 5000-6000mg of Na
remains, and remains statistically significant.
(\textbf{tbl-multivariable-outputs-bp?}) follows below.

\global\setlength{\Oldarrayrulewidth}{\arrayrulewidth}

\global\setlength{\Oldtabcolsep}{\tabcolsep}

\setlength{\tabcolsep}{0pt}

\renewcommand*{\arraystretch}{1.5}



\providecommand{\ascline}[3]{\noalign{\global\arrayrulewidth #1}\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{#2}\cline{#3}}

\begin{longtable}[c]{|p{2.09in}|p{0.63in}|p{1.06in}|p{0.93in}|p{0.63in}|p{1.06in}|p{0.93in}|p{0.63in}|p{1.06in}|p{0.93in}|p{0.63in}|p{1.06in}|p{0.93in}}



\ascline{1pt}{000000}{1-13}

\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\ }}}} & \multicolumn{3}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 2.61in+4\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{No\ Na\ or\ UPF}}}} & \multicolumn{3}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 2.61in+4\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Na\ only}}}} & \multicolumn{3}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 2.61in+4\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{UPF\ only}}}} & \multicolumn{3}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 2.61in+4\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Na\ and\ UPF}}}} \\

\ascline{1pt}{000000}{1-13}



\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textbf{Characteristic}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textbf{OR}}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textsuperscript{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textbf{95\%\ CI}}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textsuperscript{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textbf{p-value}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textbf{OR}}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textsuperscript{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textbf{95\%\ CI}}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textsuperscript{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textbf{p-value}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textbf{OR}}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textsuperscript{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textbf{95\%\ CI}}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textsuperscript{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textbf{p-value}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textbf{OR}}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textsuperscript{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textbf{95\%\ CI}}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textsuperscript{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}m{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{\textbf{p-value}}}}} \\

\ascline{1pt}{000000}{1-13}\endhead



\multicolumn{13}{>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 12.54in+24\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textsuperscript{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1}}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{OR\ =\ Odds\ Ratio,\ CI\ =\ Confidence\ Interval}}}} \\

\endfoot



\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Sex}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Male}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{—}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{—}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{—}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{—}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{—}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{—}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{—}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{—}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Female}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.59}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.45,\ 0.77}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{<0.001}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.62}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.47,\ 0.83}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.001}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.59}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.45,\ 0.77}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{<0.001}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.62}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.47,\ 0.83}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.001}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{BMI}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{(0,18]}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{—}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{—}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{—}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{—}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{—}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{—}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{—}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{—}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{(18,24]}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.68}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.25,\ 11.3}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.6}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.67}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.25,\ 11.4}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.6}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.62}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.25,\ 10.7}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.6}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.61}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.24,\ 10.7}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.6}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{(24,30]}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{2.63}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.39,\ 17.7}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.3}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{2.63}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.39,\ 17.9}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.3}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{2.54}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.39,\ 16.7}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.3}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{2.54}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.38,\ 16.9}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.3}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{(30,50]}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{4.26}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.63,\ 28.9}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.14}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{4.24}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.62,\ 29.0}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.14}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{4.13}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.62,\ 27.4}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.14}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{4.09}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.61,\ 27.5}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.15}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{agegad3}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{(0,16]}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{—}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{—}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{—}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{—}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{—}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{—}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{—}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{—}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{(16,19]}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{19.7}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{3.73,\ 104}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{<0.001}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{18.9}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{3.56,\ 99.8}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{<0.001}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{19.8}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{3.74,\ 105}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{<0.001}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{18.9}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{3.56,\ 101}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{<0.001}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{(19,35]}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{17.0}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{3.68,\ 78.5}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{<0.001}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{15.4}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{3.31,\ 72.0}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{<0.001}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{16.5}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{3.55,\ 76.2}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{<0.001}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{14.8}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{3.16,\ 69.4}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{<0.001}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{(35,50]}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{43.5}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{9.85,\ 192}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{<0.001}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{41.1}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{9.31,\ 181}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{<0.001}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{40.5}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{9.09,\ 180}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{<0.001}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{37.7}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{8.47,\ 168}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{<0.001}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{(50,65]}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{98.4}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{22.7,\ 427}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{<0.001}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{96.1}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{22.2,\ 416}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{<0.001}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{89.8}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{20.5,\ 393}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{<0.001}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{86.4}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{19.8,\ 378}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{<0.001}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{(65,108]}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{221}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{49.4,\ 988}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{<0.001}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{220}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{49.4,\ 979}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{<0.001}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{200}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{44.3,\ 906}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{<0.001}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{197}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{43.7,\ 887}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{<0.001}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{educfinh}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Not\ yet\ finished}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{—}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{—}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{—}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{—}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{—}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{—}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{—}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{—}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Never\ went\ to\ school}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.00}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.00,\ 0.00}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{<0.001}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.00}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.00,\ 0.00}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{<0.001}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.00}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.00,\ 0.00}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{<0.001}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.00}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.00,\ 0.00}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{<0.001}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{14\ or\ under}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{8.96}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.70,\ 47.3}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.010}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{8.68}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.65,\ 45.6}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.011}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{8.66}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.64,\ 45.8}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.011}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{8.43}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.60,\ 44.4}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.012}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{15}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{5.18}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.07,\ 25.0}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.041}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{5.07}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.04,\ 24.6}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.044}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{5.09}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.05,\ 24.6}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.043}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{5.01}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.03,\ 24.4}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.046}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{16}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{3.48}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.76,\ 15.9}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.11}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{3.38}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.74,\ 15.6}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.12}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{3.38}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.74,\ 15.5}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.12}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{3.29}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.71,\ 15.2}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.13}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{17}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{3.81}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.78,\ 18.6}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.10}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{3.74}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.76,\ 18.4}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.10}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{3.68}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.75,\ 18.0}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.11}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{3.63}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.73,\ 17.9}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.11}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{18}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{4.42}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.92,\ 21.3}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.064}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{4.33}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.89,\ 21.0}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.069}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{4.25}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.87,\ 20.7}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.073}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{4.16}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.85,\ 20.4}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.079}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{19\ or\ over}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{4.21}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.89,\ 19.9}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.069}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{4.13}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.87,\ 19.6}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.075}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{4.00}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.84,\ 19.1}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.081}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{3.93}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.82,\ 18.8}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.087}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{IMD}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{—}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{—}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{—}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{—}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{—}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{—}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{—}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{—}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{2}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.06}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.67,\ 1.68}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.8}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.07}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.67,\ 1.70}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.8}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.05}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.66,\ 1.67}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.8}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.06}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.67,\ 1.69}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.8}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{3}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.75}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.47,\ 1.19}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.2}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.74}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.47,\ 1.19}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.2}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.73}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.46,\ 1.17}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.2}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.73}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.46,\ 1.16}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.2}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{4}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.11}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.72,\ 1.71}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.6}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.13}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.73,\ 1.76}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.6}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.09}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.71,\ 1.68}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.7}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.12}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.72,\ 1.73}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.6}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{5}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.04}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.65,\ 1.65}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.9}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.06}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.67,\ 1.68}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.8}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.02}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.64,\ 1.62}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{>0.9}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.04}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.65,\ 1.65}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.9}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{hiNa}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{(0,1.5e+03]}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{—}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{—}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{—}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{—}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{(1.5e+03,3e+03]}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.02}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.71,\ 1.47}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{>0.9}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.04}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.72,\ 1.51}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.8}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{(3e+03,5e+03]}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.33}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.80,\ 2.20}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.3}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.38}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.83,\ 2.29}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.2}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{(5e+03,6e+03]}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{6.56}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.87,\ 23.0}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.003}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{6.75}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.97,\ 23.2}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.002}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{(6e+03,1e+04]}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.00}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.00,\ 0.00}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{<0.001}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.00}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.00,\ 0.00}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{<0.001}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{UPF3}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{(0,33]}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{—}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{—}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{—}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{—}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{(33,45]}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.06}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.74,\ 1.51}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.7}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{1.03}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.72,\ 1.49}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.9}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{(45,63]}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.92}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.63,\ 1.34}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.7}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.89}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.61,\ 1.31}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.6}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{(63,80]}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.79}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.43,\ 1.44}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.4}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.75}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.41,\ 1.38}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.4}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2.09in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{(80,100]}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.57}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.14,\ 2.22}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.4}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.63in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.57}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.06in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.14,\ 2.23}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.93in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{0.4}}}} \\

\ascline{1pt}{000000}{1-13}



\end{longtable}



\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{000000}

\global\setlength{\arrayrulewidth}{\Oldarrayrulewidth}

\global\setlength{\tabcolsep}{\Oldtabcolsep}

\renewcommand*{\arraystretch}{1}

\begin{verbatim}
## [1] "/media/david/Elements1/contents/DOHmed/MPH/MPHModules/dissertation/alternativequant/upfnabp/data/multivariablesb.png"
\end{verbatim}

Using the AIC statistic for each model gives another way of
understanding the comparative effects. The subsequent
(\textbf{tbl-AIC-comparison?}) shows the size of the effect relating to
sodium. The lowest scored model is the optimal model. The `best' of
these models is that with only sodium included ``Na only''. The UPF
models both being further away from the lowest value.

Of the difference between the lowest scoring model and the highest 80/20
is due to UPF

There is a significant sensitivity of the data set to improved
modelling. Though the set of models around the same values includes the
four regressed against BP, and two of those against UPF which include
BP.

\begin{verbatim}
## [1] 100
\end{verbatim}

\begin{verbatim}
## [1] 70.65783
\end{verbatim}

\global\setlength{\Oldarrayrulewidth}{\arrayrulewidth}

\global\setlength{\Oldtabcolsep}{\tabcolsep}

\setlength{\tabcolsep}{0pt}

\renewcommand*{\arraystretch}{1.5}



\providecommand{\ascline}[3]{\noalign{\global\arrayrulewidth #1}\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{#2}\cline{#3}}

\begin{longtable}[c]{|p{0.75in}|p{0.75in}}



\ascline{1.5pt}{666666}{1-2}

\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Model}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{AIC}}}} \\

\ascline{1.5pt}{666666}{1-2}\endhead



\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{No\ Na\ or\ UPF}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{3,586.917}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Na\ only}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{3,577.975}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{UPF\ only}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{3,591.290}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{Na\ and\ UPF}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\global\setmainfont{DejaVu Sans}{3,581.882}}}} \\

\ascline{1.5pt}{666666}{1-2}



\end{longtable}



\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{000000}

\global\setlength{\arrayrulewidth}{\Oldarrayrulewidth}

\global\setlength{\tabcolsep}{\Oldtabcolsep}

\renewcommand*{\arraystretch}{1}

\begin{verbatim}
## [1] "/media/david/Elements1/contents/DOHmed/MPH/MPHModules/dissertation/alternativequant/upfnabp/data/AICtb.png"
\end{verbatim}

\newpage

\hypertarget{discussion}{%
\section{Discussion}\label{discussion}}

\hypertarget{data}{%
\subsection{Data}\label{data}}

NDNS data is well collected and comprehensive. There have been several
changes over the course of the study. These changes have meant that
collating the data was more than just bringing all the numbers together.

In addition the differing take up rates between different groups in each
of the cohorts meant that the numbers from each cohort are not
comparable. This is overcome by using weighting factors to balance the
datasets. This needs adjusting every time there is a new group added to
the collected data set.

\hypertarget{discussion-of-change-across-cohorts}{%
\subsection{Discussion of change across
cohorts}\label{discussion-of-change-across-cohorts}}

The analysis using these weighted datasets is performed using ``survey''
which is a software package used in r studio.

The change in intake of sodium and UPF over time could be; 1 real 2
sample error 3 increasing social desirability of low sodium, low UPF

\hypertarget{of-other-variables-compared-across-cohorts}{%
\paragraph{of other variables compared across
cohorts}\label{of-other-variables-compared-across-cohorts}}

Age seems to be related to UPF having a similar effect on BP. This would
mean that the relationship of different aged participants and their UPF
habit is affecting the comparisons within the multivariable models.

\hypertarget{discussion-of-key-variables-by-sexage-and-place}{%
\subsection{Discussion of Key variables by Sex,Age and
Place}\label{discussion-of-key-variables-by-sexage-and-place}}

The populations do change over time as some of the added variables do
show statistical significant changes. In particular the number of
vegetarians increases, which perhaps is one indicator of social
desirability affecting the study.

In populations with exclusions the careful sample selection and
weighting are overcome by the biasing effect of different selections.
When this is on BP there is a change between cohort sex balance. This is
possibly as a result of changing/ increasing acceptance of BP results of
all people whereas in earlier cohorts there were less women with raised
BP levels.

This effect is perhaps greater when medication exclusions are made.
Treatment of women and younger men has increased over the 10 years of
the study.

Comparison of pairs of variables identifies the degree of correlation
between them. The key comparisons are between UPF and BP, and Na and BP.
These highlight that there is an effect of UPF on BP, though there is no
effect of Na.

The third side of this triangle is the relationship between Na and UPF
which confirms that UPF is high in Sodium.

The results here show that there is regional variation in key variables
with consistently better values in London.

\hypertarget{discussion-paired-regression-of-key-variables-on-each-other}{%
\subsection{Discussion Paired Regression of key variables on each
other}\label{discussion-paired-regression-of-key-variables-on-each-other}}

\hypertarget{multi-variable-logistic-regression-for-bp}{%
\subsection{Multi variable logistic regression for
BP}\label{multi-variable-logistic-regression-for-bp}}

The multivariable regression is made of four models. These show the
change from excluding Na and UPf to adding each individually and then
together.

This means that the all have effects on the systolic blood pressure, but
the effect of UPF and that of Age is closely intertwined.

\hypertarget{limitations-of-study}{%
\subsection{Limitations of Study}\label{limitations-of-study}}

\hypertarget{the-study}{%
\subsubsection{The study}\label{the-study}}

\hypertarget{the-data}{%
\subsubsection{The data}\label{the-data}}

\hypertarget{the-analysis}{%
\subsubsection{The analysis}\label{the-analysis}}

\hypertarget{ideas-for-further-research}{%
\subsection{Ideas for further
research}\label{ideas-for-further-research}}

I will divide these suggestions into quantitative and qualitative.
Within the quantitative there are biomedical

\hypertarget{quantitative}{%
\subsubsection{Quantitative}\label{quantitative}}

There is scope for more research based on this data set. Within this
same biomedical paradigm there are whole range of variables which can be
compared against the clinical and biochemical outcomes.

\hypertarget{mixed-and-qualitative}{%
\subsubsection{Mixed and Qualitative}\label{mixed-and-qualitative}}

The richness of the quantitative data in this survey calls for its use
within an approach allowing more detailed description and in depth
assessment with participants.

It could also be used as a template for studies smaller in geographical
scope, but more in depth as cross over studies collecting both
quantitative and qualitative data.

Modelling research has allowed projections to be made using

\hypertarget{ideas-for-policy}{%
\subsection{Ideas for policy}\label{ideas-for-policy}}

Policy is an `upstream' approach.

Ideas include legislation to reduce UPF use, this might be by pricing,
or other approaches.

Health promotion policy needs to match policy activity. People who know
that UPF is bad, are more likely to accept policy limiting availability.

\newpage

\hypertarget{conclusion}{%
\section{Conclusion}\label{conclusion}}

In conclusion there is a complex interaction between fixed factors and
societal factors at work.

NOVA and UPF are a conceptual model they are not reality. As a model
they are useful in bridging the chasm between `scientific' (or more
specifically `positivist') nutrition and more social science paradigms.
They are a Rosetta stone, or key which has elements from each side.

This study looked at how this crossover applied to a clinical (or
biomedical) characteristic. The result implied this characteristic is
best explained within the positivist paradigm when examined using this
positivist methodolgy.

\newpage

\hypertarget{bibliography}{%
\section{Bibliography}\label{bibliography}}

::: \{\#refs\} :::

\hypertarget{appendix}{%
\section*{Appendix}\label{appendix}}
\addcontentsline{toc}{section}{Appendix}

\hypertarget{appendix-1-approved-proposal}{%
\section{Appendix 1 Approved
Proposal}\label{appendix-1-approved-proposal}}

The approved proposal

\hypertarget{appendix-2-ethics-certificate}{%
\section{Appendix 2 Ethics
Certificate}\label{appendix-2-ethics-certificate}}

The ethics cert.

\hypertarget{appendix-3-software-used}{%
\section{Appendix 3 Software used}\label{appendix-3-software-used}}

The software used

\begin{verbatim}
##  [1] "base"          "dagitty"       "datatable"     "flextable"    
##  [5] "gtsummary"     "knitr2023"     "knitr2015"     "knitr2014"    
##  [9] "labelled"      "officer"       "rmarkdown2023" "rmarkdown2018"
## [13] "rmarkdown2020" "sensemakr"     "srvyr"         "stargazer"    
## [17] "survey2020"    "survey2004"    "survey2010"    "tidyverse"
\end{verbatim}

\hypertarget{refs}{}
\begin{CSLReferences}{0}{0}
\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-universityofcambridge2022}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{1. }%
\CSLRightInline{University Of Cambridge MEU, NatCen Social Research.
NDNS RPNational diet and nutrition SurveysNational diet and nutrition
survey years 1-11, 2008-2019. 2022; Available from:
\url{https://beta.ukdataservice.ac.uk/datacatalogue/doi/?id=6533\#19}}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-du2014}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{2. }%
\CSLRightInline{Du S, Neiman A, Batis C, Wang H, Zhang B, Zhang J, et
al. Understanding the patterns and trends of sodium intake, potassium
intake, and sodium to potassium ratio and their effect on hypertension
in China1,2,3. The American Journal of Clinical Nutrition
{[}Internet{]}. 2014 Feb 1;99(2):334--43. Available from:
\url{https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0002916523049511}}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-cappuccio2015}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{3. }%
\CSLRightInline{Cappuccio FP, Capewell S. Facts, Issues, and
Controversies in Salt Reduction for the Prevention of Cardiovascular
Disease. 2015;7(1):21. }

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-marmot2010}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{4. }%
\CSLRightInline{Marmot M. Fair society, healthy lives: The marmot
review. {[}Internet{]}. London: UCL; 2010. Available from:
\url{https://www.instituteofhealthequity.org/resources-reports/fair-society-healthy-lives-the-marmot-review}}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-jafar2018}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{5. }%
\CSLRightInline{Jafar AJN. What is positionality and should it be
expressed in quantitative studies? Emergency Medicine Journal
{[}Internet{]}. 2018 Jan 11; Available from:
\url{https://emj.bmj.com/lookup/doi/10.1136/emermed-2017-207158}}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-evans}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{6. }%
\CSLRightInline{Evans L, Trotter DRM. Epistemology and Uncertainty in
Primary Care: An Exploratory Study. Family Medicine. 41(5):8. }

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-kannel2009}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{7. }%
\CSLRightInline{Kannel WB. Hypertension: Reflections on risks and
prognostication. The Medical clinics of North America {[}Internet{]}.
2009 May;93(3):541--Contents. Available from:
\url{https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3719976/}}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-kannel1993}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{8. }%
\CSLRightInline{Kannel WB, Garrison RJ, Dannenberg AL. Secular blood
pressure trends in normotensive persons: The Framingham Study. American
Heart Journal {[}Internet{]}. 1993 Apr 1;125(4):1154--8. Available from:
\url{https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/000287039390129W}}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-mahmood2014}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{9. }%
\CSLRightInline{Mahmood SS, Levy D, Vasan RS, Wang TJ. The Framingham
Heart Study and the epidemiology of cardiovascular disease: a historical
perspective. The Lancet {[}Internet{]}. 2014 Mar 15;383(9921):999--1008.
Available from:
\url{https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0140673613617523}}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-pringle2003}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{10. }%
\CSLRightInline{Pringle E, Phillips C, Thijs L, Davidson C, Staessen JA,
Leeuw PW de, et al. Systolic blood pressure variability as a risk factor
for stroke and cardiovascular mortality in the elderly hypertensive
population. Journal of Hypertension {[}Internet{]}. 2003
Dec;21(12):22512257. Available from:
\url{http://journals.lww.com/jhypertension/Fulltext/2003/12000/Systolic_blood_pressure_variability_as_a_risk.12.aspx}}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-ettehad2016}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{11. }%
\CSLRightInline{Ettehad D, Emdin CA, Kiran A, Anderson SG, Callender T,
Emberson J, et al. Blood pressure lowering for prevention of
cardiovascular disease and death: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The Lancet {[}Internet{]}. 2016 Mar 5;387(10022):957--67. Available
from:
\url{https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0140673615012258}}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-DebonRaquel2020Eoua}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{12. }%
\CSLRightInline{Debon R, Bellei EA, Biduski D, Volpi SS, Alves ALS,
Portella MR, et al. Effects of using a mobile health application on the
health conditions of patients with arterial hypertension: A pilot trial
in the context of Brazil's Family Health Strategy. Scientific reports.
2020;10(1):6009--9. }

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-bress2021}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{13. }%
\CSLRightInline{Bress AP, Cohen JB, Anstey DE, Conroy MB, Ferdinand KC,
Fontil V, et al. Inequities in hypertension control in the united states
exposed and exacerbated by COVID{-}19 and the role of home blood
pressure and virtual health care during and after the COVID{-}19
pandemic. Journal of the American Heart Association {[}Internet{]}. 2021
Jun 1;10(11):e020997. Available from:
\url{http://www.ahajournals.org/doi/10.1161/JAHA.121.020997}}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-boutain2001}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{14. }%
\CSLRightInline{Boutain DM. Discourses of worry, stress, and high blood
pressure in rural south louisiana. Journal of Nursing Scholarship
{[}Internet{]}. 2001;33(3):225--30. Available from:
\url{https://www.proquest.com/docview/236433731/abstract/F0777DA87E374D2EPQ/1}}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-roche2018}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{15. }%
\CSLRightInline{Roche M, Onyia I. A quality improvement package for high
blood pressure (BP) management in general practice, part of a systems
leadership approach to tackling high BP in Cheshire and Merseyside
{[}Internet{]}. 2018. Available from:
\url{https://www.nice.org.uk/sharedlearning/a-quality-improvement-package-for-high-blood-pressure-bp-management-in-general-practice-part-of-a-systems-leadership-approach-to-tackling-high-bp-in-cheshire-and-merseyside}}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-who}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{16. }%
\CSLRightInline{WHO. High blood pressure: A public health problem
{[}Internet{]}. Available from:
\url{http://www.emro.who.int/media/world-health-day/public-health-problem-factsheet-2013.html}}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-bloodpr}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{17. }%
\CSLRightInline{Blood pressure in the normotensive segment of the
population has been quite stable. }

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-bloodpr2018}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{18. }%
\CSLRightInline{Blood pressure test {[}Internet{]}. 2018. Available
from: \url{https://www.nhs.uk/conditions/blood-pressure-test/}}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-intersal1988}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{19. }%
\CSLRightInline{Intersalt: An international study of electrolyte
excretion and blood pressure. Results for 24 hour urinary sodium and
potassium excretion. Intersalt cooperative research group. BMJ : British
Medical Journal {[}Internet{]}. 1988 Jul 30;297(6644):319--28. Available
from: \url{https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC1834069/}}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-elliott1996}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{20. }%
\CSLRightInline{Elliott P, Stamler J, Nichols R, Dyer AR, Stamler R,
Kesteloot H, et al. Intersalt revisited: further analyses of 24 hour
sodium excretion and blood pressure within and across populations. BMJ
{[}Internet{]}. 1996 May 18;312(7041):1249--53. Available from:
\url{https://www.bmj.com/content/312/7041/1249}}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-newman2017}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{21. }%
\CSLRightInline{Newman T. High blood pressure: Sodium may not be the
culprit {[}Internet{]}. 2017. Available from:
\url{https://www.medicalnewstoday.com/articles/317099}}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-elijovich2016}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{22. }%
\CSLRightInline{Elijovich F. Salt sensitivity of blood pressure
\textbar{} hypertension. Hypertension {[}Internet{]}. 2016 Sep;68(3).
Available from:
\url{https://www-ahajournals-org.liverpool.idm.oclc.org/doi/10.1161/HYP.0000000000000047?url_ver=Z39.88-2003\&rfr_id=ori:rid:crossref.org\&rfr_dat=cr_pub\%20\%200pubmed}}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-jones2018}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{23. }%
\CSLRightInline{Jones NR, Tong TY, Monsivais P. Meeting UK dietary
recommendations is associated with higher estimated consumer food costs:
an analysis using the National Diet and Nutrition Survey and consumer
expenditure data, 2008{\textendash}2012. Public Health Nutrition
{[}Internet{]}. 2018 Apr;21(5):948--56. Available from:
\url{http://www.cambridge.org/core/journals/public-health-nutrition/article/meeting-uk-dietary-recommendations-is-associated-with-higher-estimated-consumer-food-costs-an-analysis-using-the-national-diet-and-nutrition-survey-and-consumer-expenditure-data-20082012/EAB3C4470D82264844C22F225772F908}}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-salisbury2022}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{24. }%
\CSLRightInline{Salisbury H. Helen Salisbury: The commercial
determinants of health. BMJ {[}Internet{]}. 2022 Jul 12;o1704. Available
from: \url{https://www.bmj.com/lookup/doi/10.1136/bmj.o1704}}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-tan2021}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{25. }%
\CSLRightInline{Tan SY, Sotirelis E, Bojeh R, Maan I, Medalle M, Chik
XSF, et al. Is dietary intake associated with salt taste function and
perception in adults? A systematic review. Food Quality and Preference
{[}Internet{]}. 2021;92:104174. Available from:
\url{https://linkinghub.elsevier.com/retrieve/pii/S095032932100001X}}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-nakamura2022}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{26. }%
\CSLRightInline{Nakamura H, Kawashima T, Yamasaki L, Lwin KS, Eguchi A,
Hayabuchi H, et al. Reducing salt intake with umami: A secondary
analysis of data in the UK National Diet and Nutrition Survey. Food
Science \& Nutrition {[}Internet{]}. 2022 Nov 12;11(2):872--82.
Available from: \url{http://dx.doi.org/10.1002/fsn3.3121}}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-vollmer2001}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{27. }%
\CSLRightInline{Vollmer WM, Sacks FM, Ard J, Appel LJ, Bray GA,
Simons-Morton DG, et al. Effects of Diet and Sodium Intake on Blood
Pressure: Subgroup Analysis of the DASH-Sodium Trial. Annals of Internal
Medicine {[}Internet{]}. 2001 Dec 18;135(12):1019. Available from:
\url{http://annals.org/article.aspx?doi=10.7326/0003-4819-135-12-200112180-00005}}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-hendriksen}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{28. }%
\CSLRightInline{Hendriksen MAH. Public health impact of salt reduction.
}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-laverty2019}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{29. }%
\CSLRightInline{Laverty AA, Link to external site this link will open in
a new window, Kypridemos C, Seferidi P, Vamos EP, Pearson-Stuttard J, et
al. Quantifying the impact of the public health responsibility deal on
salt intake, cardiovascular disease and gastric cancer burdens:
Interrupted time series and microsimulation study. Journal of
Epidemiology and Community Health {[}Internet{]}. 2019 Sep;73(9):881.
Available from:
\url{http://www.proquest.com/docview/2351440363/abstract/C0DFC73837B348F7PQ/1}}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-cuj2021}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{30. }%
\CSLRightInline{Cuj M, Grabinsky L, Yates-Doerr E. Cultures of
nutrition: Classification, food policy, and health. Medical Anthropology
{[}Internet{]}. 2021 Jan 2;40(1):79--97. Available from:
\url{https://doi.org/10.1080/01459740.2020.1826475}}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-dickie2022}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{31. }%
\CSLRightInline{Dickie S, Woods J, Machado P, Lawrence M. Nutrition
classification schemes for informing nutrition policy in australia:
Nutrient-based, food-based, or dietary-based? Current Developments in
Nutrition {[}Internet{]}. 2022 Jul 4;6(8):nzac112. Available from:
\url{https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC9429971/}}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-romeroferreiro2021}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{32. }%
\CSLRightInline{Romero Ferreiro C, Lora Pablos D, Gómez de la Cámara A.
Two dimensions of nutritional value: Nutri-score and NOVA. Nutrients
{[}Internet{]}. 2021 Aug 13;13(8):2783. Available from:
\url{https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC8399905/}}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-A.Asma2019Fcsb}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{33. }%
\CSLRightInline{A. A, Gan HJ, M. Y. H, K. KS, Zainudin AA. Food
classification system based on food processing and its relationship with
nutritional status of adults in Terengganu, Malaysia. Food Research.
2019;4(2):539--46. }

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-bourdieu2002}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{34. }%
\CSLRightInline{Bourdieu P, Bourdieu P. Distinction: a social critique
of the judgement of taste. 11. print. Cambridge, Mass: Harvard Univ.
Press; 2002. }

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-abourdi2021}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{35. }%
\CSLRightInline{A Bourdieu{'}dian Analysis for the Construction of an
Education in Tea {[}Internet{]}. 2021. Available from:
\url{https://www.teatechnique.org/a-bourdieudian-analysis-for-the-construction-of-an-education-in-tea/}}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-dickie2023}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{36. }%
\CSLRightInline{Dickie S, Woods J, Machado P, Lawrence M. A novel food
processing-based nutrition classification scheme for guiding policy
actions applied to the australian food supply. Frontiers in Nutrition
{[}Internet{]}. 2023;10. Available from:
\url{https://www.frontiersin.org/articles/10.3389/fnut.2023.1071356}}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-monteiro2009}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{37. }%
\CSLRightInline{Monteiro CA. Nutrition and health. The issue is not
food, nor nutrients, so much as processing. Public Health Nutrition
{[}Internet{]}. 2009 May;12(5):729--31. Available from:
\url{https://www.cambridge.org/core/journals/public-health-nutrition/article/nutrition-and-health-the-issue-is-not-food-nor-nutrients-so-much-as-processing/0C514FC9DB264538F83D5D34A81BB10A}}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-monteiro2016}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{38. }%
\CSLRightInline{Monteiro CA, Cannon G, Levy R, Moubarac JC, Jaime P,
Martins AP, et al. NOVA. The star shines bright. World Nutrition
{[}Internet{]}. 2016 Jan 7;7(1-3):28--38. Available from:
\url{https://worldnutritionjournal.org/index.php/wn/article/view/5}}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-monteiro2010}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{39. }%
\CSLRightInline{Monteiro CA, Levy RB, Claro RM, Castro IRR de, Cannon G.
A new classification of foods based on the extent and purpose of their
processing. Cadernos de Saúde Pública {[}Internet{]}. 2010
Nov;26:2039--49. Available from:
\url{http://www.scielo.br/j/csp/a/fQWy8tBbJkMFhGq6gPzsGkb/?lang=en}}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-monteiro2013}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{40. }%
\CSLRightInline{Monteiro CA, Moubarac J-C, Cannon G, Ng SW, Popkin B.
Ultra-processed products are becoming dominant in the global food
system. Obesity Reviews {[}Internet{]}. 2013;14(S2):21--8. Available
from: \url{https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/abs/10.1111/obr.12107}}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-monteiro2022}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{41. }%
\CSLRightInline{Monteiro CA, Astrup A. Does the concept of
{``}ultra-processed foods{''} help inform dietary guidelines, beyond
conventional classification systems? YES. The American Journal of
Clinical Nutrition {[}Internet{]}. 2022 Dec 1;116(6):1476--81. Available
from: \url{https://doi.org/10.1093/ajcn/nqac122}}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-astrup2022}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{42. }%
\CSLRightInline{Astrup A, Monteiro CA. Does the concept of
{``}ultra-processed foods{''} help inform dietary guidelines, beyond
conventional classification systems? Debate consensus. The American
Journal of Clinical Nutrition {[}Internet{]}. 2022 Dec
1;116(6):1489--91. Available from:
\url{https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0002916523036845}}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-aceves-martins2022}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{43. }%
\CSLRightInline{Aceves-Martins M, Link to external site this link will
open in a new window, Bates RL, Link to external site this link will
open in a new window, Craig LCA, Chalmers N, et al. Nutritional quality,
environmental impact and cost of ultra-processed foods: A UK food-based
analysis. International journal of environmental research and public
health {[}Internet{]}. 2022;19(6). Available from:
\url{http://www.proquest.com/publiccontent/docview/2644005015?pq-origsite=primo}}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-rauber2019}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{44. }%
\CSLRightInline{Rauber F, Louzada ML da C, Steele EM, Rezende LFM de,
Millett C, Monteiro CA, et al. Ultra-processed foods and excessive free
sugar intake in the UK: a nationally representative cross-sectional
study. BMJ Open {[}Internet{]}. 2019 Oct 1;9(10):e027546. Available
from: \url{https://bmjopen.bmj.com/content/9/10/e027546}}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-bawajeeh2021}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{45. }%
\CSLRightInline{Bawajeeh A, Zulyniak M, Evans C, Cade J.
P21{\hspace{0.25em}}taste classification of foods consumed in the
national diet and nutrition survey. Journal of Epidemiology and
Community Health {[}Internet{]}. 2021 Sep 1;75(Suppl 1):A52. Available
from: \url{http://jech.bmj.com/content/75/Suppl_1/A52.1.abstract}}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-wang2021}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{46. }%
\CSLRightInline{Wang L, Martínez Steele E, Du M, Pomeranz JL, O'Connor
LE, Herrick KA, et al.
\href{https://doi.org/10.1001/jama.2021.10238}{Trends in Consumption of
Ultraprocessed Foods Among US Youths Aged 2-19 Years, 1999-2018}. JAMA.
2021 Aug 10;326(6):519--30. }

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-colombet2022}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{47. }%
\CSLRightInline{Colombet Z, Schwaller E, Head A, Kypridemos C, Capewell
S, O'Flaherty M. OP12 Social inequalities in ultra-processed food
intakes in the United Kingdom: A time trend analysis
(2008{\textendash}2018). J Epidemiol Community Health {[}Internet{]}.
2022 Aug 1;76(Suppl 1):A6--7. Available from:
\url{https://jech.bmj.com/content/76/Suppl_1/A6.2}}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-colombet2019}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{48. }%
\CSLRightInline{Colombet Z, Perignon M, Salanave B, Landais E,
Martin-Prevel Y, Allès B, et al. Socioeconomic inequalities in metabolic
syndrome in the french west indies. BMC Public Health {[}Internet{]}.
2019 Dec 3;19(1):1620. Available from:
\url{https://doi.org/10.1186/s12889-019-7970-z}}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-ColombetZouxe92021Dass}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{49. }%
\CSLRightInline{Colombet Z, Simioni M, Drogue S, Lamani V, Perignon M,
Martin-Prevel Y, et al. Demographic and socio-economic shifts partly
explain the Martinican nutrition transition: an analysis of 10-year
health and dietary changes (2003{\textendash}2013) using decomposition
models. Public health nutrition. 2021;24(18):6323--34. }

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-bykershanks2022}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{50. }%
\CSLRightInline{Byker Shanks C, Vanderwood K, Grocke M, Johnson N,
Larison L, Wytcherley B, et al. The UnProcessed pantry project (UP3): A
community-based intervention aimed to reduce ultra-processed food intake
among food pantry clients. Family \& Community Health {[}Internet{]}.
2022 Mar;45(1):23. Available from:
\url{https://journals.lww.com/familyandcommunityhealth/Abstract/2022/01000/The_UnProcessed_Pantry_Project__UP3___A.3.aspx}}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-websterSystematicSurveySodium2010}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{51. }%
\CSLRightInline{Webster JL, Dunford EK, Neal BC.
\href{https://doi.org/10.3945/ajcn.2009.28688}{A systematic survey of
the sodium contents of processed foods}. Am J Clin Nutr. 2010
Feb;91(2):413--20. }

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-nimhurchu2011}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{52. }%
\CSLRightInline{Ni Mhurchu C, Capelin C, Dunford EK, Webster JL, Neal
BC, Jebb SA. \href{https://doi.org/10.3945/ajcn.110.004481}{Sodium
content of processed foods in the United Kingdom: analysis of 44,000
foods purchased by 21,000 households}. The American Journal of Clinical
Nutrition. 2011 Mar;93(3):594--600. }

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-Vargas-MezaJorge2022DSaP}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{53. }%
\CSLRightInline{Vargas-Meza J, Cervantes-Armenta MA, Campos-Nonato I,
Nieto C, Marrón-Ponce JA, Barquera S, et al. Dietary sodium and
potassium intake: {Data} from the mexican national health and nutrition
survey 2016. Nutrients. 2022;14(2):281--1. }

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-armendariz2022}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{54. }%
\CSLRightInline{Armendariz M, Pérez-Ferrer C, Basto-Abreu A, Lovasi GS,
Bilal U, Barrientos-Gutiérrez T. Changes in the retail food environment
in mexican cities and their association with blood pressure outcomes.
International Journal of Environmental Research and Public Health
{[}Internet{]}. 2022 Jan 26;19(3):1353. Available from:
\url{https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC8834862/}}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-barbosa2022}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{55. }%
\CSLRightInline{Barbosa SS, Sousa LCM, Oliveira Silva DF de, Pimentel
JB, Evangelista KCM de S, Lyra C de O, et al. A systematic review on
processed/ultra-processed foods and arterial hypertension in adults and
older people. Nutrients {[}Internet{]}. 2022 Mar 13;14(6):1215.
Available from:
\url{https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC8955286/}}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-SantosFrancineSilvaDos2020Fpac}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{56. }%
\CSLRightInline{Santos FSD, Dias M da S, Mintem GC, Oliveira IO de,
Gigante DP. Food processing and cardiometabolic risk factors: a
systematic review. Revista de saúde pública. 2020;54:70--0. }

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-rauber2020}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{57. }%
\CSLRightInline{Rauber F, Steele EM, Louzada ML da C, Millett C,
Monteiro CA, Levy RB. Ultra-processed food consumption and indicators of
obesity in the United Kingdom population (2008-2016). PLOS ONE
{[}Internet{]}. 2020 May 1;15(5):e0232676. Available from:
\url{https://journals.plos.org/plosone/article?id=10.1371/journal.pone.0232676}}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-schulze2019}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{58. }%
\CSLRightInline{Schulze K. UPF and cardiometabolic health {[}Internet{]}
{[}PhD thesis{]}. 2019. Available from:
\url{https://www.repository.cam.ac.uk/bitstream/handle/1810/306587/Kai\%20Schulze\%20Thesis\%202020_final.pdf?sequence=1\&isAllowed=y}}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-dicken2021}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{59. }%
\CSLRightInline{Dicken SJ, Batterham RL. The role of diet quality in
mediating the association between ultra-processed food intake, obesity
and health-related outcomes: A review of prospective cohort studies.
Nutrients {[}Internet{]}. 2021 Dec 22;14(1):23. Available from:
\url{https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC8747015/}}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-OliveiraTafnes2020CtCo}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{60. }%
\CSLRightInline{Oliveira T, Ribeiro I, Jurema-Santos G, Nobre I, Santos
R, Rodrigues C, et al. Can the consumption of ultra-processed food be
associated with anthropometric indicators of obesity and blood pressure
in children 7 to 10 years old? Foods (Basel, Switzerland).
2020;9(11):1567--7. }

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-HodgeAllison2021ITIU}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{61. }%
\CSLRightInline{Hodge A. In this issue: Ultra-processed food and health.
Public health nutrition. 2021;24(11):3177--8. }

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-Muuxf1oz-LaraA2020TCOU}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{62. }%
\CSLRightInline{Muñoz-Lara A, Moncada-Patiño J, Tovar-Vega A,
Aguilar-Zavala H. THE CONSUMPTION OF ULTRA-PROCESSED FOODS,
ANTHROPOMORPHIC MEASUREMENTS AND BLOOD CHEMISTRY IN MEXICAN SCHOOL-AGE
CHILDREN. Annals of nutrition and metabolism. 2020;76:212--2. }

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-LiMing2021Ufca}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{63. }%
\CSLRightInline{Li M, Shi Z. Ultra-processed food consumption associated
with overweight/obesity among Chinese adults{\textemdash}Results from
China health and nutrition survey 1997{\textendash}2011. Nutrients.
2021;13(8):2796--6. }

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-AguiarSarmentoRoberta2018EPaH}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{64. }%
\CSLRightInline{Aguiar Sarmento R, Peçanha Antonio J, Lamas de Miranda
I, Bellicanta Nicoletto B, Carnevale de Almeida J. Eating patterns and
health outcomes in patients with type 2 diabetes. Journal of the
Endocrine Society. 2018;2(1):42--52. }

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-LiMing2022AbUF}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{65. }%
\CSLRightInline{Li M, Shi Z. Association between ultra-processed food
consumption and diabetes in chinese Adults{\textemdash}Results from the
china health and nutrition survey. Nutrients. 2022;14(20):4241--1. }

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-deMirandaRenataCosta2021Iouf}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{66. }%
\CSLRightInline{Miranda RC de, Rauber F, Levy RB. Impact of
ultra-processed food consumption on metabolic health. Current opinion in
lipidology. 2021;32(1):24--37. }

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-Martinez-PerezCelia2021Uodf}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{67. }%
\CSLRightInline{Martinez-Perez C, San-Cristobal R, Guallar-Castillon P,
Martínez-González MÁ, Salas-Salvadó J, Corella D, et al. Use of
different food classification systems to assess the association between
ultra-processed food consumption and cardiometabolic health in an
elderly population with metabolic syndrome (Predimed-plus cohort).
Nutrients. 2021;13(7):2471--1. }

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-TavaresLetuxedciaFerreira2012Rbuf}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{68. }%
\CSLRightInline{Tavares LF, Fonseca SC, Garcia Rosa ML, Yokoo EM.
Relationship between ultra-processed foods and metabolic syndrome in
adolescents from a {Brazilian Family Doctor Program}. Public health
nutrition. 2012;15(1):82--7. }

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-dossantos}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{69. }%
\CSLRightInline{Santos FS dos, Dias M da S, Mintem GC, Oliveira IO de,
Gigante DP. Food processing and cardiometabolic risk factors: A
systematic review. Revista de Saúde Pública {[}Internet{]}. 54:70.
Available from:
\url{https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC7371411/}}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-GoodmanDina2020Diac}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{70. }%
\CSLRightInline{Goodman D, González-Rivas JP, Jaacks LM, Duran M,
Marulanda MI, Ugel E, et al. Dietary intake and cardiometabolic risk
factors among Venezuelan adults: a nationally representative analysis.
BMC nutrition. 2020;6(1):61--1. }

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-VilelaSofia2022Eotf}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{71. }%
\CSLRightInline{Vilela S, Magalhães V, Severo M, Oliveira A, Torres D,
Lopes C. Effect of the food processing degree on cardiometabolic health
outcomes: {A} prospective approach in childhood. Clinical nutrition
(Edinburgh, Scotland). 2022;41(10):2235--43. }

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-WeinsteinGalit2021Couf}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{72. }%
\CSLRightInline{Weinstein G, Vered S, Ivancovsky‐Wajcman D, Zelber‐Sagi
S, Ravona‐Springer R, Heymann A, et al. Consumption of ultra‐processed
food and cognitive decline among older adults with type‐2 diabetes.
Alzheimer's \& dementia. 2021;17(S10). }

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-Gomez-SmithMariana2018RCRa}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{73. }%
\CSLRightInline{Gomez-Smith M, Janik R, Adams C, Lake EM, Thomason LAM,
Jeffers MS, et al. Reduced cerebrovascular reactivity and increased
resting cerebral perfusion in rats exposed to a cafeteria diet.
Neuroscience. 2018;371:166--77. }

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-IvancovskyWajcmanDana2021Ufia}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{74. }%
\CSLRightInline{Ivancovsky-Wajcman D, Fliss-Isakov N, Webb M, Bentov I,
Shibolet O, Kariv R, et al. Ultra{-}processed food is associated with
features of metabolic syndrome and non{-}alcoholic fatty liver disease.
Liver international. 2021;41(11):2635--45. }

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-LeeHae-Young2022UFaa}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{75. }%
\CSLRightInline{Lee HY. Ultra-processed foods as a less-known risk
factor in cardiovascular diseases. Korean circulation journal.
2022;52(1):71--3. }

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-southall2022}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{76. }%
\CSLRightInline{Southall JR. Ultra-processed food consumption linked to
risk for colorectal cancer among men. HEM/ONC Today {[}Internet{]}. 2022
Oct 25;23(14):13. Available from:
\url{https://www.proquest.com/docview/2731818689/abstract/A52B93105882470BPQ/1}}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-wangAssociationUltraprocessedFood2022}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{77. }%
\CSLRightInline{Wang L, Du M, Wang K, Khandpur N, Rossato SL,
Drouin-Chartier JP, et al. Association of ultra-processed food
consumption with colorectal cancer risk among men and women: Results
from three prospective {US} cohort studies. BMJ {[}Internet{]}. 2022 Aug
31 {[}cited 2022 Dec 1{]};378:e068921. Available from:
\url{https://www.bmj.com/content/378/bmj-2021-068921}}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-KityoAnthony2022TIoU}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{78. }%
\CSLRightInline{Kityo A, Lee SA. The intake of ultra-processed foods and
prevalence of chronic kidney disease: The health examinees study.
Nutrients. 2022;14(17):3548--8. }

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-mertens2022}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{79. }%
\CSLRightInline{Mertens E, Colizzi C, Peñalvo JL. Ultra-processed food
consumption in adults across europe. European Journal of Nutrition
{[}Internet{]}. 2022;61(3):1521--39. Available from:
\url{https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC8921104/}}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-DavilaHelenFreitas2017Eifu}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{80. }%
\CSLRightInline{D'avila HF, Kirsten VR. Energy intake from
ultra-processed foods among adolescents. Revista paulista de pediatria.
2017;35(1):54--60. }

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-GuptaDeepanshi2021Sauf}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{81. }%
\CSLRightInline{Gupta D, Khanal P, Khan M. Sustainability and
ultra-processed foods: role of youth. Sustainability, agri, food and
environmental research. 2021; }

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-suterNutritionalFactorsControl2002a}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{82. }%
\CSLRightInline{Suter PM, Sierro C, Vetter W. Nutritional {Factors} in
the {Control} of {Blood Pressure} and {Hypertension}. Nutrition in
Clinical Care {[}Internet{]}. 2002 {[}cited 2023 Feb 1{]};5(1):9--19.
Available from:
\url{https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/abs/10.1046/j.1523-5408.2002.00513.x}}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-Gonuxe7alvesVivianSS2019Cots}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{83. }%
\CSLRightInline{Gonçalves VS, Duarte EC, Dutra ES, Barufaldi LA,
Carvalho KM. Characteristics of the school food environment associated
with hypertension and obesity in Brazilian adolescents: a multilevel
analysis of the Study of Cardiovascular Risks in Adolescents (ERICA).
Public health nutrition. 2019;22(14):2625--34. }

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-WangMei2022UFCI}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{84. }%
\CSLRightInline{Wang M, Du X, Huang W, Xu Y. Ultra-processed foods
consumption increases the risk of hypertension in adults: {A} systematic
review and meta-analysis. American journal of hypertension.
2022;35(10):892--901. }

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-scaranniUltraprocessedFoodsChanges2021a}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{85. }%
\CSLRightInline{Scaranni P de O da S, Cardoso L de O, Chor D, Melo ECP,
Matos SMA, Giatti L, et al. Ultra-processed foods, changes in blood
pressure and incidence of hypertension: The {Brazilian Longitudinal
Study} of {Adult Health} ({ELSA-Brasil}). Public Health Nutrition
{[}Internet{]}. 2021 Aug {[}cited 2022 Nov 9{]};24(11):3352--60.
Available from:
\url{https://www.cambridge.org/core/journals/public-health-nutrition/article/ultraprocessed-foods-changes-in-blood-pressure-and-incidence-of-hypertension-the-brazilian-longitudinal-study-of-adult-health-elsabrasil/1A120EFBE6785C030961E19B94977D9B}}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-DeDeusMendonuxe7aRaquel2017Ufca}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{86. }%
\CSLRightInline{De Deus Mendonça R, Souza Lopes AC, Pimenta AM, Gea A,
Martinez-Gonzalez MA, Bes-Rastrollo M. Ultra-processed food consumption
and the incidence of hypertension in a mediterranean cohort: The
seguimiento universidad de navarra project. American journal of
hypertension. 2017;30(4):358--66. }

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-shimConsumptionUltraProcessedFood2022}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{87. }%
\CSLRightInline{Shim SY, Kim HC, Shim JS.
\href{https://doi.org/10.4070/kcj.2021.0228}{Consumption of
{Ultra-Processed Food} and {Blood Pressure} in {Korean Adults}}. Korean
Circ J. 2022 Jan;52(1):60--70. }

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-Rezende-AlvesKatiusse2021Fpar}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{88. }%
\CSLRightInline{Rezende-Alves K, Hermsdorff HHM, Miranda AE da S, Lopes
ACS, Bressan J, Pimenta AM. Food processing and risk of hypertension:
{Cohort} of universities of minas gerais, brazil ({CUME} project).
Public health nutrition. 2021;24(13):4071--9. }

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-LimaR2011Pouf}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{89. }%
\CSLRightInline{Lima R, Moreira L, Rossato S, Silva R, Fuchs S. P2-155
Consumption of ultra-processed food is associated with blood pressure in
hypertensive individuals. Journal of epidemiology and community health
(1979). 2011;65(Suppl 1):A263--3. }

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-smiljanec2020}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{90. }%
\CSLRightInline{Smiljanec K, Mbakwe AU, Ramos-Gonzalez M, Mesbah C,
Lennon SL. Associations of Ultra-Processed and Unprocessed/Minimally
Processed Food Consumption with Peripheral and Central Hemodynamics and
Arterial Stiffness in Young Healthy Adults. Nutrients {[}Internet{]}.
2020 Nov;12(11). Available from:
\url{https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC7690393/}}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-TzelefaVicky2021Aodp}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{91. }%
\CSLRightInline{Tzelefa V, Tsirimiagkou C, Argyris A, Moschonis G,
Perogiannakis G, Yannakoulia M, et al. Associations of dietary patterns
with blood pressure and markers of subclinical arterial damage in adults
with risk factors for {CVD}. Public health nutrition.
2021;24(18):6075--84. }

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-ji2014}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{92. }%
\CSLRightInline{Ji C, Cappuccio FP. Socioeconomic inequality in salt
intake in Britain 10 years after a national salt reduction programme.
BMJ Open {[}Internet{]}. 2014 Aug 1;4(8):e005683. Available from:
\url{http://bmjopen.bmj.com/content/4/8/e005683}}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-yourgui1998}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{93. }%
\CSLRightInline{Your Guide to Lowering Your Blood Pressure with DASH.
1998 p. 64. }

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-reports2023}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{94. }%
\CSLRightInline{Reports Outline Obesity, Fitness and Wellness Findings
from Federal University Vicosa (Effects of Minimally and Ultra-processed
Foods On Blood Pressure In Brazilian Adults: a Two-year Follow Up of the
Cume Project). Obesity, fitness, \& wellness week. 2023;3265--5. }

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-sacks2001}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{95. }%
\CSLRightInline{Sacks FM, Svetkey LP, Vollmer WM, Appel LJ, Bray GA,
Harsha D, et al. Effects on blood pressure of reduced dietary sodium and
the dietary approaches to stop hypertension (DASH) diet. New England
Journal of Medicine {[}Internet{]}. 2001 Jan 4;344(1):3--10. Available
from: \url{https://doi.org/10.1056/NEJM200101043440101}}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-NilsonEduardoAugustoFernandes2021Eprd}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{96. }%
\CSLRightInline{Nilson EAF, Spaniol AM, Santin R da C, Silva SA.
Estratégias para redução do consumo de nutrientes críticos para a saúde:
o caso do sódio. Cadernos de saúde pública. 2021;37(suppl 1). }

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-cappuccio2011}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{97. }%
\CSLRightInline{Cappuccio FP, Capewell S, Lincoln P, McPherson K. Policy
options to reduce population salt intake. BMJ {[}Internet{]}. 2011 Aug
11;343:d4995. Available from:
\url{https://www.bmj.com/content/343/bmj.d4995}}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-he2010}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{98. }%
\CSLRightInline{He FJ, MacGregor GA. Reducing Population Salt Intake
Worldwide: From Evidence to Implementation. Progress in Cardiovascular
Diseases {[}Internet{]}. 2010 Mar 1;52(5):363--82. Available from:
\url{https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0033062009001273}}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-iso1999}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{99. }%
\CSLRightInline{Iso H, Shimamoto T, Yokota K, Ohki M, Sankai T, Kudo M,
et al. {[}Changes in 24-hour urinary excretion of sodium and potassium
in a community-based heath education program on salt reduction{]}.
{[}Nihon Koshu Eisei Zasshi{]} Japanese Journal of Public Health. 1999
Oct;46(10):894--903. }

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-healthy2017}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{100. }%
\CSLRightInline{Leeuw E de de, Simos J, editors. Healthy cities: the
theory, policy, and practice of value-based urban planning. New York,
NY: Springer; 2017. }

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-macgregor2015}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{101. }%
\CSLRightInline{MacGregor GA, He FJ, Pombo-Rodrigues S. Food and the
responsibility deal: how the salt reduction strategy was derailed. BMJ
{[}Internet{]}. 2015 Apr 28;350:h1936. Available from:
\url{http://www.bmj.com/content/350/bmj.h1936}}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-instituteofmedicine2010}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{102. }%
\CSLRightInline{Institute of Medicine, Food, Nutrition Board, Committee
on Strategies to Reduce Sodium Intake, Boon CS, Taylor CL, et al.
Strategies to reduce sodium intake in the united states {[}Internet{]}.
Washington, D.C., UNITED STATES: National Academies Press; 2010.
Available from:
\url{http://ebookcentral.proquest.com/lib/liverpool/detail.action?docID=3378676}}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-millett2012}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{103. }%
\CSLRightInline{Millett C, Laverty AA, Stylianou N, Bibbins-Domingo K,
Pape UJ. Impacts of a national strategy to reduce population salt intake
in england: Serial cross sectional study. PLoS ONE {[}Internet{]}. 2012
Jan 4;7(1):e29836. Available from:
\url{https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3251604/}}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-moreira2015}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{104. }%
\CSLRightInline{Moreira PVL, Baraldi LG, Moubarac JC, Monteiro CA,
Newton A, Capewell S, et al. Comparing Different Policy Scenarios to
Reduce the Consumption of Ultra-Processed Foods in UK: Impact on
Cardiovascular Disease Mortality Using a Modelling Approach. Hernandez
AV, editor. PLOS ONE {[}Internet{]}. 2015 Feb 13;10(2):e0118353.
Available from: \url{https://dx.plos.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0118353}}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-instituteofmedicine2013}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{105. }%
\CSLRightInline{Institute of Medicine, Population Health B on, Public
Health Practice, Food, Nutrition Board, Committee on the Consequences of
Sodium Reduction in Populations, et al. Sodium intake in populations:
Assessment of evidence {[}Internet{]}. Washington, D.C., UNITED STATES:
National Academies Press; 2013. Available from:
\url{http://ebookcentral.proquest.com/lib/liverpool/detail.action?docID=3379068}}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-campos-nonato2022}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{106. }%
\CSLRightInline{Campos-Nonato I, Vargas Meza J, Nieto C, Ariza AC,
Barquera S. Reducing sodium consumption in mexico: A strategy to
decrease the morbidity and mortality of cardiovascular diseases.
Frontiers in Public Health {[}Internet{]}. 2022 Mar 22;10:857818.
Available from:
\url{https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC8980680/}}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-dimbleby}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{107. }%
\CSLRightInline{Dimbleby H. The national food strategy - the plan
{[}Internet{]}. Available from:
\url{https://www.nationalfoodstrategy.org/}}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-tulleken2023}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{108. }%
\CSLRightInline{Tulleken C van. Ultra-processed people: why do we all
eat stuff that isn't food ... and why can't we stop? London: Cornerstone
Press; 2023. }

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-base}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{109. }%
\CSLRightInline{R Core Team. {R}: A language and environment for
statistical computing {[}Internet{]}. Vienna, Austria: R Foundation for
Statistical Computing; 2022. Available from:
\url{https://www.R-project.org/}}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-survey2004}{}}%
\CSLLeftMargin{110. }%
\CSLRightInline{Lumley T. Analysis of complex survey samples. Journal of
Statistical Software. 2004;9(1):1--19. }

\end{CSLReferences}

\end{document}
