{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab1200{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss MS Sans Serif;}{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss Arial;}{\f3\fswiss\fprq2 Arial;}{\f4\fmodern\fprq5 Courier New;}{\f5\fswiss Arial;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green0\blue0;\red100\green100\blue100;\red0\green0\blue255;\red10\green10\blue160;}\deflang2057\pard\plain\f2\fs20\cf1
\par {\fs28\b\ul UK Data Archive Data Dictionary
\par
\par }{\b\f2\fs20\cf1\ File-level information:
\par
\par }{\f2\fs20\cf1 File Name = 		\f2\fs20\cf5day
\par }{\f2\fs20\cf1 Number of variables = 	\f2\fs20\cf5 5
\par }{\f2\fs20\cf1 Number of cases = 	\f2\fs20\cf5 6837
\par
\par
\par }{\f2\fs20\cf1\b Variable-level information:
\par }{\cf1\b
\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 1	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 serial	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Serial number
\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i scale.
\par }{\cf1\b
\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 2	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 cardno50	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Card number - 50
\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i ordinal.
\par }{\cf1\b
\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 3	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 dayno	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Day number 1-4 e.g. 1 for first day of diary data
\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i ordinal.
\par }{\cf1\b
\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 4	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 daywk	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Day of week number
\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i ordinal.
\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for daywk
\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Sunday
\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Monday
\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 3	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Tuesday
\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 4	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Wednesday
\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 5	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Thursday
\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 6	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Friday
\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 7	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Saturday
\par }{\cf1\b
\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 5	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 howfeel	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 How R feels today compared to usual
\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i ordinal.
\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for howfeel
\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 better
\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 same
\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 3	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 worse
\par }}
