{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab1200{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss MS Sans Serif;}{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss Arial;}{\f3\fswiss\fprq2 Arial;}{\f4\fmodern\fprq5 Courier New;}{\f5\fswiss Arial;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green0\blue0;\red100\green100\blue100;\red0\green0\blue255;\red10\green10\blue160;}\deflang2057\pard\plain\f2\fs20\cf1
\par {\fs28\b\ul UK Data Archive Data Dictionary
\par
\par }{\b\f2\fs20\cf1\ File-level information:
\par
\par }{\f2\fs20\cf1 File Name = 		\f2\fs20\cf5plate
\par }{\f2\fs20\cf1 Number of variables = 	\f2\fs20\cf5 14
\par }{\f2\fs20\cf1 Number of cases = 	\f2\fs20\cf5 92270
\par
\par
\par }{\f2\fs20\cf1\b Variable-level information:
\par }{\cf1\b
\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 1	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 serial	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Serial number
\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i scale.
\par }{\cf1\b
\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 2	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 cardno51	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Card number - 51
\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i ordinal.
\par }{\cf1\b
\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 3	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 dayno	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Day number 1 to 4
\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i ordinal.
\par }{\cf1\b
\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 4	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 planum	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Plate number within day
\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i scale.
\par }{\cf1\b
\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 5	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 platim	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Plate time - 24 hour clock
\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i scale.
\par }{\cf1\b
\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 6	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 plawei	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Plate weight - used to calculate actual food weights
\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i scale.
\par }{\cf1\b
\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 7	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 plasum	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Sum of plate weight
\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i scale.
\par }{\cf1\b
\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 8	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 t	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Standard tea or coffee drink
\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i string}{\cf3\, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i nominal.
\par }{\cf1\b
\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 9	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 weiest	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Whether weight estimated
\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i ordinal.
\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for weiest
\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 estimated
\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 not estimated
\par }{\cf1\b
\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 10	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 sfood	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Source of food
\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i ordinal.
\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for sfood
\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 meals on wheels
\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 luncheon club
\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 3	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 restaurant
\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 4	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 relat-frien-neigh
\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 5	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 no outside source
\par }{\cf1\b
\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 11	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 howfee	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 How well R feel today compared to usual
\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i ordinal.
\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for howfee
\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 better
\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 same
\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 3	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 worse
\par }{\cf1\b
\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 12	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 eatout	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Eating out
\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i ordinal.
\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for eatout
\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 eaten out
\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 not eaten out
\par }{\cf1\b
\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 13	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 weekd	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Day of week
\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i ordinal.
\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for weekd
\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Sunday
\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Monday
\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 3	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Tuesday
\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 4	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Wednesday
\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 5	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Thursday
\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 6	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Friday
\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 7	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Saturday
\par }{\cf1\b
\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 14	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 wdrunk	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Weight as drunk
\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i scale.
\par }}
